How Do I Start the Registration Process for the Crypto.com App?
 1. Download the Crypto.com App from your Play Store (Android) / App Store (iOS). Once downloaded, open the app and select the following option: If you are a new user, you have to select “Create New Account” 2. You need to enter your email. Once you type it in, we will send you an email for you to confirm it. Type in your email in the email field as in the example below. Check your email for a confirmation link to continue. 3. Once you have received the email from us, open it and click on the link to proceed with the registration process. Select your preferred browser. Allow your preferred browser to open the Crypto.com App 4. After you open the Crypto.com app, you will see the possible benefits for account holders. 5. The next step is to confirm your phone number via verification code. Type in your phone number in the phone number field. Enter the 6-digit SMS verification code in the code field. Once you enter the code, your phone number should be confirmed. 6. To continue, you need to pass through the verification process:  *Please note that the verification process requirements might differ in certain countries. 1. Full Legal Name 2. Select your issuing country and desired form of ID 3. Selfie You will be required to take a selfie. Your face should be clearly visible. After all your documents are submitted and your identity is verified, you will receive an in-app notification that you are ready to go!  If you encounter any difficulties, feel free to contact our support team.
What are NFTs?
 NFT stands for ‘non-fungible token’, which represents unique, irreplaceable assets that live on the blockchain. In-game assets, digital art, and collectible-related projects are the most prominent NFT use cases today.  In contrast, fungible assets have units that are interchangeable with one another, such as a Bitcoin or dollar bill. 
How do I access NFTs in the Crypto.com App?
 You can start the exciting journey of discovering the NFT assets available on Crypto.com NFT by tapping the Crypto.com NFT banner on the Crypto.com App home screen. 
Which Crypto.com NFT features can I access in the Crypto.com App?
 Once your Crypto.com App and Crypto.com NFT accounts are connected, you’ll be able to access the features below: Buy and sell NFTs ☑️ Make an offer / Place a bid ☑️ Request a payout of your NFT balance to the Crypto.com App * ☑️ Use your Crypto.com App account to make payments ** ☑️ Apply to become a creator and mint your own NFTs ☑️ Cross-chain NFT withdrawals (e.g. Ethereum) Coming soon Note: * Based on the refund currency selected in your Crypto.com App Settings, with USDC being the default ** CRO, BTC, ETH, USDT, USDC, TUSD, TGBP, and FIL Wallet 
How do I connect my Crypto.com NFT and Crypto.com App accounts?
 Follow the simple steps below to connect your accounts:  1. Existing Crypto.com NFT users On the Crypto.com App home screen, tap Crypto.com NFT  > Connect existing account Enter your Crypto.com NFT password Input the verification code that was sent to your inbox and tap Confirm Connection 2. New Crypto.com NFT users On the Crypto.com App home screen, tap Crypto.com NFT > Get Started Enter a username and password for your Crypto.com NFT account Tap Confirm to create and connect your Crypto.com NFT account  You can also watch this step-by-step video guide: https://youtu.be/Qc2i65ehdHg 
Why is my Crypto.com NFT username being rejected?
 Please note that usernames must not be harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing any intellectual property rights, or invasive of personal privacy rights.  By creating an account on Crypto.com NFT, you agree that Crypto.com reserves the full rights and discretion to reject usernames that are not in accordance with the guidelines above. 
How do I make a purchase?
 After connecting your Crypto.com NFT account to the Crypto.com App, you’ll be able to use the available balance in your Crypto Wallet to purchase the NFTs you love.  Here’s a step-by-step video guide: https://youtu.be/yrnyatGHvDM  You can check out using your CRO, BTC, ETH, USDT, USDC, TUSD, TGBP, and FIL Wallet, with more payment options to come. To view your transaction history, go to Account > Transaction History from the top left hand corner of the App screen. 
How are sales items priced?
 Sellers can select one of two pricing models when they list an NFT for sale:  Fixed Price Model The seller sets a fixed price for the item. The buyer purchases the item at its fixed price. Auction Model*  1. The seller puts an item up for auction by inputting the end date and the minimum bid amount. 2. The buyer places a bid, which has to be higher than the previous highest bid by 5% or USD 10, whichever is higher. Please note the highest bidder cannot cancel his/her bid. 3. Sellers can choose to end the auction earlier by a) canceling the auction, and the current top bidder gets a refund, or b) terminating the auction early, and the current top bidder wins the bid**. When the auction ends, the current top bidder wins the bid. If it ends without any bids, the item goes back to the ‘Not for sale’ status.  * Each edition can have a standalone auction, meaning that a collectible with 100 editions can at most have 100 auctions happening simultaneously. ** Auctions cannot be canceled or terminated by sellers within 24 hours prior to the expiration time. 
Why was my purchase refunded?
 Refunds occur when you get outbid in an auction or when you paid for an NFT/pack in a drop but failed to receive it. How the funds are returned depends on the initial payment method.  In the case you are outbid, the funds will be refunded to your Crypto.com App account, and the currency is based on the refund currency selected in your Crypto.com App Settings, with USDC being the default.  In the case of an order failure, where you paid for an NFT/pack during a drop but failed to receive it, the amount held up for the purchase will be released back to your Crypto.com App account.  Please note that all refunds will be subject to the exchange rate at the time of the refund in cases where the paid currency is different from the refund currency. 
Geolocation
 Crypto.com NFT is accessible via the Crypto.com App in the following geolocations: American Samoa Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Australia Austria Bahamas, The Bahrain Barbados Belarus Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Croati Cyprus Czech Republic Curaçao Denmark Dominican Republic Egypt El Salvador Estonia Faroe Islands Finland Fiji French Guiana French Polynesia France Germany Greece Greenland Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Jordan Kenya Korea, South Kuwait Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania  Macedonia (North Macedonia) Malaysia Malta Martinique Mexico Monaco  Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nigeria Norway Oman Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saudi Arabia Serbia Seychelles Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St Pierre & Miquelon Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turks & Caicos Islands Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States US Virgin Islands Uruguay Vietnam  
Further information
 You can refer to the following articles for further information regards to Crypto.com NFT Buying and Selling - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5074395-buying-and-selling On-Chain Transactions - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5074397-on-chain-transactions Offers - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5588866-offers NFT Creation - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5588880-nft-creation NFT Deposit - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5959020-nft-deposit NFT Withdrawal (Ethereum Withdrawal is not supported) - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5959030-nft-withdrawal Setting up 2-Factor Authentication for Crypto.com NFT - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/6006282-setting-up-your-crypto-com-nft-2fa Setting up your Anti-Phishing code for Crypto.com NFT - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5846320-anti-phishing-code For your account's security, whenever you need changes to be applied or information regarding your account, our customer support team may ask you to provide us a photo of yourself, declaring specific information. 
Photo Authentication Process
 Take a photo of yourself holding a piece of paper containing the following information handwritten on it: Your first and last name Today's date and year You will be asked to provide additional authentication information when contacting our customer service. Keep in mind that it has to be clearly visible that you are holding the piece of paper. Your face, the upper part of your torso, and the arm should be visible in the photo, as well as the whole piece of paper.  Example:  People from the following locations are restricted from using the Crypto.com App. Markets Country Code Afghanistan AF / AFG Albania AL / ALB Algeria DZ / DZA Andorra AD / AND Angola AO / AGO Anguilla AI / AIA Armenia AM / ARM Aruba AW / ABW Azerbaijan AZ / AZE Bangladesh BD / BGD Belize BZ / BLZ Benin BJ / BEN Bhutan BT / BTN Bolivia BO / BOL Bosnia & Herzegovina BA / BIH Botswana BW / BWA Brunei BN / BRN Burkina Faso BF / BFA Burma (Myanmar) MM / MMR Burundi BI / BDI Cambodia KH / KHM Cameroon CM / CMR Cape Verde (Cabo Verde) CV / CPV Central Africa Republic CF / CAF Chad TD / TCD China CN / CHN Comoros KM / COM Congo, Dem. Rep. CD / COD Congo, Repub. of the CG / COG Cook Islands CK / COK Cote d'Ivoire CI / CIV Cuba CU / CUB Djibouti DJ / DJI Dominica DM / DMA East Timor (Timor-Leste) TL/TLS Ecuador EC / ECU Equatorial Guinea GQ / GNQ Eritrea ER / ERI Ethiopia ET / ETH Gabon GA / GAB Gambia, The GM / GMB Gaza Strip  Georgia GE / GEO Ghana GH / GHA Grenada GD / GRD Guinea GN / GIN Guinea-Bissau GW / GNB Guyana GY / GUY Haiti HT / HTI Iran IR / IRN Iraq IQ / IRQ Jamaica JM / JAM Kazakhstan KZ / KAZ Kiribati KI / KIR Korea, North KP / PRK Kosovo XK / XKX Kyrgyzstan (Kyrgyz Republic) KG / KGZ Laos LA / LAO Lebanon LB / LBN Lesotho LS / LSO Liberia LR / LBR Libya LY / LBY Macau MO / MAC Madagascar MG / MDG Malawi MW / MWI Maldives MV / MDV Mali ML / MLI Marshall Islands MH / MHL Mauritania MR / MRT Mauritius MU / MUS Mayotte YT / MYT Micronesia, Fed. St. FM / FSM Moldova MD / MDA Mongolia MN / MNG Montenegro ME / MNE Montserrat MS / MSR Morocco MA / MAR Mozambique MZ / MOZ Namibia NA / NAM Nauru NR / NRU Nepal NP / NPL Nicaragua NI / NIC Niger NE / NER Pakistan PK / PAK Palau PW / PLW Palestine PS / PSE Panama PA / PAN Papua New Guinea PG / PNG Russia RU / RUS Rwanda RW / RWA Saint Helena SH / SHN Samoa WS / WSM Sao Tome & Principe ST / STP Senegal SN / SEN Sierra Leone SL / SLE Solomon Islands SB / SLB Somalia SO / SOM Sudan SD / SDN Suriname SR / SUR Swaziland SZ / SWZ Syria SY / SYR Tajikistan TJ / TJK Tanzania TZ / TZA Togo TG / TGO Tonga TO / TON Turkmenistan TM / TKM Tuvalu TV / TUV Uganda UG / UGA Uzbekistan UZ / UZB Vanuatu VU / VUT Venezuela VE / VEN Wallis and Futuna WF / WLF West Bank  Western Sahara EH / ESH Yemen YE / YEM Zambia ZM / ZMB Zimbabwe ZW / ZWE US states: New York NY Ukraine (only the following regions are restricted: Zaporizhzhia, Kherson, Crimea, Luhansk and Donetsk regions) UA/UKR
What is a Target Price Order?
 It is an order request, which allows you to specify your preferred price for executing a buy or sell order. 
What is a Target Buy Order?
 It is a Target Price Order to purchase cryptocurrency at a specific price. 
What is a Target Sell Order?
 It is a Target Price Order to sell cryptocurrency at a specific price. 
Can I amend a Target Price Order?
 Target Price Orders cannot be amended. But if your order has not been executed, you can cancel it and place another one. 
Can I cancel a Target Price Order?
 You can always cancel your order (unless specified) by going to the Super App Menu and tapping Target Price > Open Orders. However, this will be subject to the status of your order. If your order has been executed, no cancellation will be allowed. 
Is there an expiry date for a Target Price Order?
 There is no expiry date. Your order will be ‘Open’ until it hits the specified price and is executed. 
How can I check my order status?
 You can do so by going to the Super App Menu and tapping Target Price > Open Orders / Order History. We will also notify you when your order is executed via an in-app notification and an email confirmation.  Incomplete - There was a problem with creating the order. Please try again or cancel. Open - When the order is submitted and pending execution Processing - When the order execution process is almost complete Filled - When the order is executed Canceled - When the order is canceled
When will my Target Price Order be executed?
 Target Price Orders will be executed when the market price reaches your specified price depending on market liquidity. However, your order will remain ‘Open’ if the market price has not reached your specified price, meaning: In the case of a Target Buy Order: The specified price for the purchase of cryptocurrency has not been met; or In the case of a Target Sell Order: The specified price for the sale of cryptocurrency has not been met. You can set up Target Price Orders using your crypto or fiat wallet in the Crypto.com App. 
How are the funds/crypto assets withdrawn from my account?
 When you place a Target Price Order, we will immediately lock the respective funding amount for Target Buy Orders, or the respective crypto asset to be sold for Target Sell Orders. The funds or crypto assets cannot be used elsewhere in the App after the order is placed.  You will not be able to withdraw or transfer the respective funds or crypto assets if your order status is ‘Open’. If you would like access to the funds or crypto assets, please cancel your Target Price Order.  Note: There will only be full 100% execution and no partial order executions Maximum Target Price Orders: 20 live orders per user Each Target Price Order has a maximum notional limit of USD 5,000 When users place Target Price Orders, we will lock up the relevant funding amount or crypto assets immediately, and these funds or crypto assets will no longer be available for use elsewhere in the App
Which markets are eligible for the Target Price Order feature?
 The Target Price Order feature is available to approved Crypto.com App users in all jurisdictions except for Canada.
Pay Rewards
 When using various functions under the Pay feature in our Crypto.com App, you are entitled to receive cashback in CRO.  These CRO cashbacks are branded as Pay Rewards.  By purchasing gift cards or mobile airtime via the Crypto.com App using CRO as the payment method  OR  By sending CRO to friends via the Crypto.com App using CRO as the payment currency  OR  By using Pay Checkout via the Crypto.com App using CRO as the payment currency.
PAY
 Users with an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure of 3 months) OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange All other users Pay Your Friends cashback 10% (monthly maximum of $5 USD per user) Nil Mobile Airtime Cashback 5% 2,5% Gift Cards Cashback 2X 1X Pay Checkout Cashback 2X 1X Under Referral & Cashback by tapping the Pay icon, located in the upper right-hand corner of the homepage.  The amount of Pay Rewards granted depends on the category of the gift card you've purchased.  You are also entitled to double cashback of up to 10% if you: hold an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure of 3 months)  OR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com AppOR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange Details are as follows: Category Pay rewards Pay rewards for holders of: More than 10,000 CRO in 3-months Earn Term OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange Food & Beverage 5% of CRO spent 10% of CRO spent Taxi 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Grocery 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Fashion 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Games 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Entertainment 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Telecommunication 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Transportation 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent General Retail 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Hotels 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Airlines 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Gas & Diesel 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Education 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Financial Services 0% of CRO spent 0% of CRO spent Please note that Crypto.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine which category a gift card falls under. 
Pay Your Friends
 How do I access "Pay Your Friends"?  How do I receive Pay Rewards from sending payments to my friends? When you send CRO to your friends, you are entitled to receive Pay Rewards, up to USD $5 equivalent every month*.  Crypto.com App users will be rewarded with up to 10% cashback if he/she: hold an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure of 3 months) OR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com AppOR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange Details are as follows:
PAY
 Users with an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure of 3 months) OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange All other users Pay Your Friends cashback 10% (monthly maximum of $5 USD per user) Nil Mobile Airtime Cashback 5% 2,5% Gift Cards Cashback 2X 1X Pay Checkout Cashback 2X 1X What is the minimum transfer amount? There is no minimum transfer amount. However, please note that Pay Rewards (measured in CRO) will only be granted if its fiat equivalent is greater than USD $0.01  How do you come up with my contact list on the Crypto.com App? In order to use Pay Your Friends, you need to add the country codes manually to your friends' phone numbers.  What happens when I send a payment to a contact who is not a Crypto.com App user? You will have a pending payment to your contact, and the payment is only completed when he or she successfully registers a Crypto.com account within seven days.  Crypto.com will send an SMS text message to your contact to notify him or her about this payment. If requirements are met, you may also receive a referral bonus.  Do the pending payments expire? Yes, pending payments must be accepted within seven days. Expired payments will be given back to the sender. An SMS text message will be sent to the intended recipient whenever a payment has expired.  Can I cancel pending payments? Yes, you can Select the pending payment transaction in the "Pay" section Tap "Cancel Payment" Confirm the cancellation An SMS text message will be sent to the intended recipient whenever a payment has been canceled.
Pay - Mobile Airtime
 What is Mobile Airtime? Mobile Airtime is a new feature allowing you to top up a pre-paid phone number anywhere in the world with Pay.  Supported crypto that can be used to top-up: CRO, BTC, ETH, & LTC.  Which countries and/or operators are supported? We support many mobile operators worldwide. We can auto-detect whether the number is supported - just type in your number or your friend’s number and we’ll let you know if it's supported.  Note: Always check if the operator associated with your number is correct before confirming the purchase. You might have to manually choose the correct operator from the top right corner of the app.  Yes, you can. Just type in their number and we’ll let you know if the number can be topped up. Additional information provided to you after the purchase is completed can be forwarded to them.  Some operators require a PIN code to activate the airtime top-up. We will let you know if this is required.  The PIN code can be found in the transaction’s details by selecting “How to Redeem?”. We will also email you a copy of the purchase, the PIN, and instructions to redeem.  Some PINs will have a validity date indicated clearly in your purchase details. Please follow the instructions provided to redeem before the PIN expires.  The maximum daily limit is a total of USD 1,000 or equivalent.  The purchase will use the exchange rate provided by the vendor, which may be significantly different from the market rate. Please review and only confirm if you agree to the provided rate.  In most cases, it does not. You can verify this by entering the phone number and continue with selecting an option to purchase. After you complete the passcode verification step, we will tell you whether or not the purchase was successful or unsuccessful. If it is unsuccessful, we will not debit your crypto.  If the purchase was successful, then the phone number will be topped up accordingly. We cannot refund an order when it has been successfully delivered. Please review the phone number and details during the purchase process to prevent this from happening.  By purchasing mobile airtime via the Crypto.com App, under Pay, and using CRO as the payment method. You are entitled to receive Pay Rewards, up to 5% per purchase.  Crypto.com App users will be double rewarded, receive 5% per purchase, if he/she: hold an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure of 3 months) OR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com AppOR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange Details are as follows:
PAY
 Users with an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure of 3 months) OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange All other users Pay Your Friends cashback 10% (monthly maximum of $5 USD per user) Nil Mobile Airtime Cashback 5% 2,5% Gift Cards Cashback 2X 1X Pay Checkout Cashback 2X 1X
Gift Cards
 Selected gift cards can be used in the following countries: Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Czechia Denmark Egypt Finland France Germany Greece Hungary India Ireland Italy Japan Mexico New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland United States of America Malaysia Indonesia Vietnam Tap on the country selector to change location.   We offer popular brands covering the following categories: Airlines Hotels Games Fashion Food & Beverage General Retail Entertainment Taxi Telecommunication Grocery Gas & Diesel Transportation Education Financial Services The extensive list of brands can be viewed in the Crypto.com App, under Pay. More brands and locations will continue to be gradually added.  CRO, BTC, ETH, & LTC  By purchasing gift cards via the Crypto.com App, under Pay, using CRO as the payment method.  The amount of Pay Rewards granted depends on the category of the gift card you've purchased.  You are also entitled to double cashback of up to 10% if you: hold an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure of 3 months)  OR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com AppOR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange Details are as follows: Category Pay rewards Pay rewards for holders of: More than 10,000 CRO in 3-months Earn Term OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange Food & Beverage 5% of CRO spent 10% of CRO spent Taxi 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Grocery 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Fashion 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Games 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Entertainment 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Telecommunication 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Transportation 2,5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent General Retail 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Hotels 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Airlines 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Gas & Diesel 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Education 1,25% of CRO spent 2,5% of CRO spent Financial Services 0% of CRO spent 0% of CRO spent Please note that Crypto.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine which category a gift card falls under.  All gift cards are in electronic form.  It will be delivered both in-app and to your registered email.  The maximum daily limit is a total of USD 1,000 or equivalent.  The gift card redemption instructions are sent to you in-app and via email. We do not send these to your friends and family on your behalf, but you can share the email with them once you have received it.  There is no expiration date for US gift cards. For non-US gift cards, we will clearly state the expiration date in the email we send to you.  Please contact the merchant directly for the latest available balance.
First 7 days fee waiver
 New App users* (approved after September 26th, 2022, 04:00 UTC) will be able to purchase crypto with their credit/debit card without any fees for 7 days after their first purchase, with the exception of stablecoin purchases in which credit/debit card fees are applicable. The offer will end at 23:59:59 UTC on the 7th day.  For example, if a Crypto.com App user's first purchase is on September 26th, 2022 at 04:00:01 UTC. The 7th day would be October 3rd, 2022. Therefore the fee waiver would end on October 3rd, 2022 23:59:59 UTC.  Please refer here for the credit/debit card fee thereafter.  *Users from the following markets are eligible for this waiver promotion:  1.   Australia 2.  Austria 3.  Bahamas 4.  Bahrain 5.  Belgium 6.  Bosnia and Herzegovina 7.   Bulgaria 8.  Canada 9.  Croatia 10. Curaçao 11. Cyprus 12. Czech Republic 13.  Denmark 14.  Estonia 15.  Finland 16.  France 17.  Germany 18.  Gibraltar 19.  Greece 20.  Hong Kong 21.  Hungary 22.  Iceland 23.  Ireland 24.  Italy 25.  Japan 26.  Kuwait 27.  Malta 28.  New Zealand 29.  Norway 30.  Oman 31.  Portugal 32.  Qatar 33.  Romania 34.  Saudi Arabia 35.  Singapore 36.  Slovakia 37.  Slovenia 38.  South Korea 39.  Spain 40.  Sweden 41.  Switzerland 42.  Taiwan 43.  Thailand 43.  United Arab Emirates 45.  United Kingdom 46.  United States of America  Crypto.com reserves the right to update, modify, suspend, or end this incentive, or any aspects of this incentive, at any time at its sole discretion without providing prior notice.
How does it work?
 The in-app University is a new feature in the Crypto.com App that facilitates users to learn about Cryptocurrency and blockchain-related knowledge with Learning Programs. 
What are University Modules?
 Each University Module consists of a series of learning activities including: Learning Activities Quantity Why do we set this for you? Preliminary Quiz 1 To better understand your educational needs and topics of interest so as to determine which stream of learning tasks is more suitable for you. Article Various amount Each article will concisely illustrate the key concepts of the topic. Missions Exploration (“Missions”) Optional To encourage you to participate in recommended Missions if you have accepted the Rewards Program Rules, and are eligible to participate in Missions. Feature Exploration Optional To showcase what are the relevant features in the Crypto.com app to you. Final Test 1 To assess your understanding and improvement in knowledge regarding a particular topic. You can get Diamonds through our Reward Program if you can get a pass in the Final Test. Note: Each Learning Program can only be completed once. All completed tasks can be re-visited again after completion except the Preliminary Quiz.  Disclaimer: The Learning Programs are not necessarily available to all countries depending on the available languages and local regulatory restrictions. 
How should I start?
 Enter (in-app) University now from the Home Screen Tab or App Menu Check out your interested Learning Programs and click “Start Now” Try your best to complete the Preliminary Quiz. Then you will see the correct answers and explanations. Enter the Learning Program page to see your received learning tasks. Click and open each learning task and complete it one by one. Take the Final Test after completing all other required tasks to accomplish this learning program.
Preliminary Quizzes
 The preliminary Quiz is designed to evaluate your understanding of the topic in your chosen learning program.  Notes: The correct answer can be either ONE or MULTIPLE of the available options. Choose the best answer among the options available. The result of the Preliminary Quiz will NOT affect your chance of getting a pass on the Final Test of each of the Learning Programs. If you get a “pass” in the preliminary quiz, you will receive a list of learning activities that focus on the topic only, without revising the fundamental concepts of the topic. In contrast, if you get a “failed” in the preliminary quiz, your list will consist of a few more learning activities including those additional articles to help you revise the fundamentals. All the Preliminary Quizzes can be completed once only. You cannot revisit the results or answers of the Preliminary Quizzes once you have completed and proceeded to the Learning Program. Note: Only users who have completed all the required questions in the Preliminary Quiz can proceed to enter the Learning Program. 
Articles
 Articles are the main learning experience that educates or illustrates some of the concepts of the selected topic. It may consist of Text and Infographics that help the delivery of content.  Disclaimer: The content of all Articles is for educational purposes only. Articles do not constitute any investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or recommendation by Crypto.com, its affiliates, or its respective officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisors, or consultants, nor should it be relied upon in connection with any other contract or purchasing decision. Articles are provided for informational purposes only and do not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment products, regulated products or financial instruments in any jurisdiction. To the fullest extent possible, all liability for any loss or damage of whatsoever kind (whether foreseeable or not) that may arise from any person acting on any information and opinions contained in any Articles is disclaimed.  If you are an eligible user that has accepted the relevant Rewards Program Rules you may access Missions as part of your learning activities.  Note: You are only required to click on the Mission tab and check the details and click “Take me there” to receive completion for that task. You can always continue to take the Mission through the Mission Center.  *If you have previously completed the required Missions already, you still need to click on the Mission Tab to check the details inside and return to the Learning Program.
Feature Exploration
 If you are eligible to access the relevant features inside the Crypto.com App, you will be able to see those features listed in your Learning Tasks.  Note: You are only required to click on the Feature tab and check the details and click “Take me there” after which you will receive recognition for completion of that task.  *If you have previously visited that feature page before, you will still need to click on the Feature Tab to check the details inside and return to the Learning Program. 
Final Test
 Only after you have completed all the required learning activities can you start the Final Test. The Final test is intended to assess your knowledge and understanding of the particular topic at the end of each learning program.  Notes: The correct answer can be either ONE or MULTIPLE of the available options. Choose the best answer among the options available. The result of the Final Test will be used to determine whether you are eligible for receiving the assigned rewards. If you get a pass (as the passing score may vary across different learning programs), you will be indicated as “Passed” in your Final Test result. The button “Redeem my Diamonds”, for instance, will be shown at the bottom of the Learning Program when it is available. In contrast, if you cannot score above the passing rate, you will be marked as “Failed” in your Final Test result and you will not see any buttons to redeem your reward. All the Final Tests can be completed once only. You can revisit the results or answers.
Additional Rules
 You acknowledge that you have read and understood the Disclaimer in the “Articles” section above. If you participate in Missions, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the Rewards Program Rules and FAQs. If you are a Brazilian user, please refer to the following Program Rules: https://crypto.com/document/rewards_program_rules_br. Participation in the In-App University is optional. All About 2FA How do I set up 2FA? How to reset my 2FA?
All About 2FA
 Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) is an additional security layer to your password. With 2FA enabled on your account, you will have to provide your 2FA code when performing certain actions on the app.  Crypto.com is using a Time-based One-time Password (TOTP) for Two-Factor Authentication, it involves generating a temporary, unique one-time 6-digit code* that only works for 30 seconds. To perform any actions that will affect your assets, you will need to enter this code besides the common password.  *Please keep in mind that the code should consist of numbers only.  Send crypto to other app users Crypto withdrawal Fiat withdrawal Wallet address whitelist Keep in mind that once the 2FA has been enabled, it becomes mandatory for all transaction types (Crypto or Fiat Withdrawal, Wallet Address Whitelist, Gift Card Purchase, Mobile Airtime, etc.). 
How do I set up 2FA?
 Please refer to the step-by-step guide.  Providing strong security and a great user experience are always our top priorities and we support various authenticators. There’s a great authenticator app we would like to recommend to you - Authy (Android) / Twilio Authy (iOS).  Authy is not only supporting generating a time-dependent 6-digit code like other authenticators in the market but also offering the following features:  2FA tokens automatically sync to any new device you authorize. And, if a device is lost, stolen, or retired, you can deauthorize it from any authorized device just as quickly.  Authy takes advantage of encrypted backups in the cloud. In case you lose your phone, you can still access Authy (Android) / Twilio Authy (iOS) accounts from other devices  Please note that we are supporting various authenticators, you can still use any other authenticators like Google Authenticator, and you can change to Authy (Android) / Twilio Authy (iOS) at any time.  From the settings menu in Crypto.com app, enable the 2FA toggle. Scan the QR code with an authentication app or copy the code to add it manually, by pressing on the small papers icon. Minimize the Crypto.com app and open up the Authenticator app. In the Authenticator app, select the option to add another account. Then choose the option to enter manually the secret key (the long code we've copied). Paste the code in the text field by pressing and holding over it (you should see the option to paste). Save the changes. The Authenticator app will start to generate 2FA codes with an expiration time of 30 seconds. Please, bear in mind that the code should consist of numbers only. Press and hold over the 6-digit generated code in the Authenticator app to copy it. (Please ensure you can complete step 9 within the next 30 seconds) Open the Crypto.com app. After entering your normal passcode again, click on the blue button "Proceed to verify" and then paste the 6-digit code from the Authenticator app.
How to reset my 2FA?
 If you’ve recently received a message from the Crypto.com App or Crypto.com Exchange requiring you to reset your 2FA, follow the instructions below: Tap Setup 2FA Switch on the toggle to enable 2FA Copy or scan the code that is displayed Launch your authenticator app and add a new account Note: You might be required to enter a unique name for the Crypto.com App or Exchange in your authenticator app. For example, you named your previous 2FA account for the App “Crypto.com”, name your new one as “Crypto.com 2”.  Should you wish to reset your 2FA manually while you still have access to your existing 2FA credentials, follow the instructions below. Navigate to the 2-Factor Authentication tab in the “Settings” page Tap Reset 2FA at the bottom of the page Confirm that you still have access to your existing 2FA credentials Authenticate yourself with your passcode and your current 2FA code Copy or scan the code that is displayed Launch your authenticator app and add a new account In the event that you lost your device, access to your authenticator app, or access to your verified email, follow the instructions below to reset your 2FA. Please note that you will need a photo of yourself holding a piece of paper with the following information handwritten on it: Your first and last name Today's date and year Additionally, you might be requested to include additional authentication information upon contacting our Customer Support Team.  Please keep in mind that your face and the upper part of your torso should be visible in the photo. Resetting your authenticator settings will disable 2FA protection for both your Crypto.com App and Exchange accounts. For better protection of your account, please remove the previous authentication key from your authenticator app immediately and re-enable 2FA once your 2FA has been reset. This article will guide you through how to set up the Crypto.com application on your phone and what functions it has. Every section under "Contents" has a link that will redirect you straight to the information you're looking for. You can also find different articles attached that will help you better understand Crypto.com products. 
Contents:
Initial Passcode Authentication
Home Page
Settings
Account
Super Menu
Track Page
Card
Initial Passcode Authentication
 The first step to accessing the App each time would be to type in your passcode. As an alternative, for your convenience and security, there is the possibility to log into the App using biometric authentication: 
Home Page
 Once logged in, this is the first page that you will be greeted by. The page provides all the essential information and functionality to begin trading crypto. Favorite cryptocurrencies which are starred through the "Track" section are shown here for convenience.  Top performers are found right below the favorites and indicate the best-performing token(s), in terms of percentage gain within the last 24h. Crypto News is right below the top performers, this section provides insight into new updates on the platform.  By going to the main page, you will see the "Buy" and "Sell" options on the left.  Selecting “Buy” will bring up the tokens that are available for purchase. Once a token has been selected, it will bring up a new tab that will allow the selection of purchase method and amount.  After the selection of method and amount is done, a confirmation screen comes up, following that the transaction needs to be authenticated. Upon successful authentication, the purchase confirmation screen comes up.  Selecting “Sell” will bring up the tokens available for sale (or the ones you have available in your crypto wallet). However, if you have an insufficient balance, you'll be asked to select a different amount and try again. You can either sell your tokens for cash or crypto.  Clicking the “Transfer” button on the main screen will open the selection menu, where Deposit and Withdrawal will be available as options. When “Deposit” is selected, two depositing options will be displayed - Crypto Deposit and Fiat Deposit.  For Crypto Deposits, select the coin you are looking to deposit and from there the details for your wallet will appear on the screen.  Initiating a Fiat Deposit will bring up the Fiat wallet depositing menu, where you will be asked to set up a fiat currency wallet.  You can easily withdraw your assets by going to "Accounts", clicking on "Crypto Wallet", choosing the asset you'd like to withdraw, clicking on "Transfer", and choosing "Withdraw".  Selecting “Withdraw” brings us to a similar screen that allows the withdrawal of assets, be it crypto directly or in fiat. Selecting Crypto will prompt a menu of options to appear. Depending on which accounts are linked to the Crypto.com App, more options will appear, such as Defi/Exchange/Other users, if the App is allowed to see contacts on the device.  External wallet withdrawals bring up a new page, where external wallets are added and confirmed. Selecting Fiat will lead to the Fiat wallet menu for withdrawals. You can find more information about deposit and withdrawal information in this article.  You can easily access this option, once you tap “Pay”, which is situated next to the "Deposit" option on the home page. This option allows instant payments to friends or supported merchants. Gift Cards - allows the purchase of gift cards with cryptocurrencies. Airtime - allows airtime top-ups. Scan - opens up the camera to allow scanning of QR codes for payments to friends or supported merchants. Send - brings up a contact list, if the App is allowed permissions to view contacts. Can send to anyone, even if they do not have an App account, which will prompt the receiving party to create an account, if they do, the crypto is received, if not, it is returned within a few days.
Settings
 Going back to the Main Page, you will see a widget icon situated in the upper left corner of the application. Once you click on it, the Settings menu will be displayed on the screen. You will see 10 different sections:  Payment Currency (Select your preferred currency to display your balance and transactions and press the ‘Confirm’ button.) Language (Select your preferred language and press the ‘Confirm’ button.) PayString (Here you can register your unique PayString. You can find more information about PayString in this article) App Customization Settings (Here you can customize which section you land on when you open the app and add shortcuts.) Refund Currency (Here you can select your preferred currency to settle merchant refunds.) Enable Face ID/Touch ID Passcode Settings (Here you can select whether to or not to require a passcode when you open the app.) Change Passcode 2-Factor Authentication Anti-phishing Code Tracking (Tracking can be allowed by clicking on the ‘Change Permissions’ button and selecting the ‘Allow Tracking’ option in your phone settings. Notification Settings (Here you have the option to enable/disable notifications, offerings, and alerts.) Crypto.com DeFi Wallet Help Center (This menu redirects you to our Help Center where you can find detailed information about all our products.) Contact Support (Please use this menu to contact our Support Team) Terms & Conditions (Here you will be redirected to our Terms and Conditions) Fees & Limits Terms & Conditions Privacy Notice (Here you can read our Privacy Notice) System Status (Here you can subscribe to our Crypto.com Status Page where we share updates regarding any ongoing issues.) Visit Our Website Log out
Account
 Right next to "Home", you can find the "Accounts Tab". Once you’ve entered the Account menu, here you can find all of the details regarding your accounts. Here you can see your total balance in Crypto Wallet, Crypto Earn, Crypto Credit, and Fiat Wallet. Also, if you wish you can make your balance invisible, by clicking the "eye" icon, situated next to your balance.  After you click on the Crypto Wallet, a drop-down menu will appear displaying all of the cryptocurrency holdings that you currently have in your Crypto.com App. Each cryptocurrency will display the amount you have in the said token and the percentage movements of gains/losses for the day. The same as the abovementioned applies for all of the fields below with the exception of the FIAT wallet - there you can only hold the supported FIAT currency of your FIAT wallet - this depends on your location. You can find more information about that in this article. Right below the total balance is the daily balance movement in the currency you’ve picked. This field represents the gains or losses for the day in the currency you’ve picked. It varies between green and orange, depending on whether the balance movement for the day is positive (green) or negative (orange).  In the upper left corner, you can see the Portfolio Allocation button. There you can see your total portfolio value. How it’s divided amongst different coins presented in a pie chart, and/or how it’s divided among the Crypto.com Products, meaning - how much of your portfolio value is divided among the Crypto Wallet, Exchange, Crypto Credit, Crypto Earn, etc. This option stands for converting your small cryptocurrency balances (“Crypto Dust”) to CRO. Cryptocurrency dust is small cryptocurrency balances under the minimum trade (buy/sell) limits. This button will display an orange dot if you have dust in your crypto wallet(s). Here you can see a history of all of your Account transactions, such as: Cryptocurrency transactions (buy/sell/deposit/withdraw) Stake Rewards CRO purchases Earn Deposits, etc. *You can also export your transaction history as a CSV file and see your previous exports. 
Super Menu
 Once you have entered the application, you will be able to find the Super Menu button in the bottom middle of the screen. This is also called the "Lion menu”. You will be able to see what kind of option you may have in the screenshots below.  *Please do note that in some regions some of the options may be still unavailable.*  Once you choose this menu, you will see the below options and what they lead to (if applicable to your region:  Crypto wallet - leads to your Crypto balance Track - leads to a list of currencies, which progress you will be able to track Fiat Wallet - leads to your Fiat wallet balance Recurring Buy - leads to the option of setting Recurring purchases Card - leads to the Card section, where you can find the functionalities of the card Pay - leads to the Crypto.com Pay option Supercharger - leads to the Supercharger event Credit - leads to the Crypto.com Credit option Earn - leads to the Crypto.com Earn option Rewards - leads to the Rewards page, where you can see the total rewards you have received (Referrals, cashback, etc.) Refer - leads to the referring page, where your referral link is situated leads to the Booking.com site, where you can find discounted accommodations You can find the shortcuts at the bottom of the Supercharger menu. This gives you the opportunity to set up 4 different shortcuts to products, which are your most-used options.  If you wish to change the shortcuts, you will be able to do so if you press and hold one of the displayed shortcuts. Once you have done so, you will see a menu of different options you can choose from: 
Track Page
 In the Track Section, you can see all cryptocurrencies and their status. It’s an easy way to track the coins that you might be trading.  **Keep in mind that you can only buy cryptocurrencies that are currently available in the Crypto.com Mobile App.  Once you choose X coin, you will see a chart with historical data about it for up to 6 months in the past. If you choose to buy the X coin, you will face 2 different options: Cash Crypto You can set “Favourites” by typing the coin name in the search bar and marking the star in the upper right corner to appear in yellow.  Going back to the main Track page and clicking on the bell in the upper right corner will guide you through how to set an alert about the chosen currency. You can choose Target Price Alert or Percentage Movement Alert.  Once you go back to the main Track Page, the square in the upper right corner stands for “Notifications”. This is an easy way to stay up to date with the latest news about the currencies you marked as ''favorites''  On the main Track Page, in the upper left corner, you can find the option to switch between Light and Dark modes for the appearance of the Track Section. 
Card
 In cases where you haven't selected and staked yet, you can choose your card by clicking on the card icon at the bottom right corner of the home page. You will see available cards and related benefits.  After choosing a Royal Indigo card, for example, the following requirements will appear:  On the other hand, if you have already received your card, you will need to activate it through the app. To do that, go to the Card menu and Choose Activate Card. You can find more information about that in this article.  Once you have activated your card, you can manage it through the app. When you open the Card Menu, you can click on the upper right card corner to see additional information about your Crypto.com Visa card. Additionally, you can check if your Card is active or either not Ordered/In process of delivery.  If your card is already active, you will be able to check the following: Card Pin Number (you will be asked to provide a Birth date and Passcode/Biometrical in order to receive a PIN number) Freeze Card Option View your Card number You can enable International Usage Full Card Details, where you can see: Card Type Card Privileges Card Benefits Extra Staking Benefits (if any) Card Fees Limits Crypto.com Visa Card Terms & Conditions Additionally, you can check more information about the above-mentioned details in this article.  After verifying your identity, the PIN will be displayed. You can find more information about these sections in the screenshots below:  Once you decide to top up your card, you will be given 3 options to do that: Crypto Wallet Fiat Wallet* Credit Card *Note that to be able to top up your card using the Fiat wallet, you will need to have funds in the Fiat Wallet prior to topping up your Visa Card.  These two options stand for exchanging your currency and importing your Phone Contacts, in order to start transferring money to your peers right away.  Below, you will find all required steps to change your registered email address on the Crypto.com App. Tap the Settings icon on the top left corner of your Home Page; Select “Profile”; Tap on your currently registered email address; Select the “Edit” option; Make sure to have access to your currently registered email to make the update; 6. Enter your in-app Passcode; 7. Open your email inbox to confirm the email address change; 8. Type in your new email address; 9. Verify your email again;    It is important to note that you can only update your phone number to one that is from the same country.  Please follow the steps outlined below to update the phone number linked to your Crypto.com App account: Tap the Settings icon on the top left corner of your Home Page; Select “Profile”; Tap on your currently registered phone number; Select the “Edit” option;   Enter your in-app Passcode; Check your email to verify the phone number update request; Click on “Confirm Now” button in the email sent to you; Confirm the update via the verification SMS sent to your new phone number;    Important Notice: Crypto.com does not provide tax, legal, or financial advice. This FAQ has been prepared for informational purposes only, not as a recommendation or advice. Although we make efforts to keep this FAQ up-to-date, Crypto.com does not guarantee or represent that the information here is accurate or up-to-date. You should consult an experienced professional tax advisor regarding your personal tax situation.  In 2014, the IRS issued Notice 2014-21, 2014-16 I.R.B. 938, explaining that virtual currency is treated as property for federal income tax purposes and providing examples of how long-standing tax principles applicable to transactions involving property apply to virtual currency. The IRS also provided a series of FAQs to expand upon the examples provided in Notice 2014-21 and apply those same long-standing tax principles to additional situations. 
Who receives a Form 1099-MISC?
 If you received more than $600 from Crypto.com from activities such as our rewards programs or staking, we are required to report these on a Form 1099-MISC as “miscellaneous income.” 
What is reported on a Form 1099-MISC?
 An issued Form 1099-MISC will include items such as staking rewards, referral program rewards, and other items that are considered to generate taxable income to the recipient. 
What is not reported on a Form 1099-MISC?
 Items that require a customer to make a purchase, spend, or otherwise incur a fee to obtain cash-back or a CRO reward are not included in the issued Form 1099-MISC.  For example, customers who were eligible for a reimbursement of their Spotify membership charge will not have that reimbursement reported on the Form 1099-MISC.Transactions of this type mirror similar cash-back or points programs offered by most other major credit card issuers and are post-purchase reimbursements. 
How does the Form 1099-MISC help a customer accurately report income?
 When a taxpayer receives a Form 1099-MISC, the IRS also receives a copy.  Thus, the IRS has an expectation that the individual will report the itemized amounts as income on an annual tax return.  Failure to include these transactions and report your crypto income may expose you to certain liability and consequences, such as an increased likelihood of an IRS audit.  We recommend that each customer review their Form 1099-MISC form as well as their Crypto.com account activity and then consult with a tax professional to determine the correct income that must be reported to the IRS. 
Why are staking rewards included on my Form 1099-MISC?
 While the IRS has issued some guidance (see links above) on whether certain crypto-related events generate taxable income, the IRS has not released any official guidance related to staking rewards.  It has been presumed that the guidance related to mining rewards would be applied to staking rewards, which meant that staking rewards were treated as ordinary income and taxable to the recipient based upon the fair market value at the time of receipt.  However, the exact tax characterization of staking rewards is subject to recent and ongoing litigation involving the IRS and is not a settled matter at this time.  Until the IRS issues further guidance on staking, or until there is legal precedent outlining a contrary position, Crypto.com will operate in accordance with the common approach of treating staking rewards as ordinary income per previous IRS guidelines and include it on the Form 1099-MISC.   Nevertheless, we recommend that you seek out advice from a qualified tax advisor to determine your own tax position.
What is the 1099-Misc form and why did I receive one?
 Crypto.com may be required to issue to you a Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Income, if you are a U.S. person who has earned USD $600 or more in rewards from Crypto.com during the previous calendar year from Staking, Earn, Referrals, or certain other activities. As required by law, Crypto.com will also provide a copy of your Form 1099-MISC to theU.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
What should I do with the Form 1099-MISC?
 Please review U.S. Internal Revenue Service guidance or consult with an experienced professional tax advisor regarding how you should use the information provided on Form 1099-MISC and recordkeeping guidelines. 
When can I expect to receive the 1099-Misc?
 If your transaction activity met the $600 threshold and your transaction activity was subject to reporting on Form 1099-MISC, you should receive a copy of the form on or before January 31st of the year following the tax year to which the Form 1099-MISC relates. 
How will the 1099-Misc form be sent?
 You will receive an email from [email protected] to the latest email address that we have on record for you. Follow the link to download a copy of your Form 1099-MISC. Please check your spam or junk mail folders if you have not yet received a Form 1099-MISC and are expected to receive one. 
How do I check my transaction history?
 Your transaction history can be downloaded directly from the app. 
What do I do if I think my Form 1099-Misc is incorrect?
 If you believe the information on the Form 1099-MISC is incorrect, or if you believe you should have received a Form 1099-MISC and did not, or if you believe the form has been issued in error, or if you have a question relating to the form or information included on it, contact Crypto.com support via the in-app chat function. 
Do I have to pay tax on the 1099-K transactions?
 The 1099-K form reflects the gross volume of your transactions on the platform and is provided to you and the tax authorities for informational purposes. To determine which part of the gross volume listed on your 1099-K is taxable, please consult your tax advisor. It is important for all Singapore users to review the information below carefully, as there have been updates since our initial announcement of the Travel Rule requirement. 
What is the Travel Rule?
 On 1 June 2019, the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), a global international anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing watchdog, officially recommended that member nations adopt value transfer requirements known as the Travel Rule. The regulation relates to the gathering and transmission of required names and account details of the parties involved in digital asset transfers between financial institutions. 
Is the Travel Rule mandatory?
 The Travel Rule was incorporated under the Payment Services Act (Notice PSN02) by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (‘MAS’). All payment service providers, including Crypto.com, must comply with the requirements. 
How do I comply with the Travel Rule?
 Providing supplementary information when you transfer digital assets from Crypto.com to a beneficiary institution (e.g., receiving digital asset exchange), including the names of both parties, wallet addresses, residential address, etc continues to be mandatory and required of you.  When you receive a digital asset transfer from an originating institution (e.g., from a digital asset exchange), Crypto.com  requires you to declare the details of the originating party.  Additionally, Crypto.com requires the originating institution to provide additional information, including the names of both parties, wallet addresses, and residential addresses, among other things. This information will accompany the digital asset transfer instructions. 
How will this affect me now?
 To comply with the Travel Rule, Crypto.com will introduce several measures to minimise inconvenience to users. These measures will only affect applicable Singapore users. In summary, outgoing digital token transfers can only be made: from your custodised/centralised crypto wallet with Crypto.com directly to your own non-custodial/decentralised crypto wallet. You cannot make digital token transfers to any third party’s non-custodial crypto wallet directly from your   custodised/centralised crypto wallet with Crypto.com. You can still send digital token transfers from your custodised/centralised crypto wallet with Crypto.com to any other custodised/centralised crypto wallet whether with Crypto.com or other service providers; from your custodised/centralised crypto wallet with Crypto.com directly to your own non-custodial/decentralised crypto wallet will only work, if your non-custodised wallet is “white-listed”; and up to a limit of SGD20,000 per calendar month. As part of this implementation, Crypto.com will require you to provide the following information for your transfers:  When you transfer to an external wallet (i.e. non-custodial wallet or other cryptocurrency exchanges), you are required to provide the name of the beneficiary party and other applicable information.  You may not be required to provide wallet address information for subsequent transfers if the information initially provided is still current and valid, as determined by us. Once the provided information has been verified, outgoing transfers to that wallet address will be accepted.  Outgoing transfers to non-custodial wallets are limited to 1st party only (i.e non-custodial wallets owned by you) - this means you cannot perform outgoing transfers from your Crypto.com custodised wallets to a 3rd party non-custodial wallet directly.  However, you are able to perform outgoing transfers to cryptocurrency exchanges (wallets) belonging to you or to any third party.  For transfers using PayString, you will be required to provide the beneficiary party’s information for each transfer. 
Transfer Limits
 A monthly transfer limit of 20,000 SGD will be imposed for all outgoing transfers to non-custodial wallets, as applicable. The limit will reset at the beginning of each month. You will be able to check on your remaining limit on the wallet address page.  
Incoming digital token transfers
 When you receive transfers from an external wallet (i.e a non-custodial wallet or a cryptocurrency exchange), you are required to provide the name of the originating party and other applicable information before the incoming transfer can be accepted. 
How will this affect me in the future?
 The implementation will ensure that all incoming and outgoing transfers are compliant with regulatory requirements as they continue to evolve.  Specifically, for transfers involving non-custodial wallets, you will be directed to provide relevant information on the ownership of these wallets. While the provision of the information remains voluntary at present, you can expect it to become a mandatory requirement over time as the regulatory requirements mentioned above continue to evolve.  You will be notified via email on the upcoming measures prior to the roll-out. If you have any questions, kindly reach out to our Customer Support team via the in-app chat or at [email protected].  For further information, please see the following documents provided by FATF and MAS: Updated Guidance for a Risk-Based Approach for Virtual Assets and Virtual Asset Service Providers Notice PSN02 Prevention of Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism – Digital Payment Token Service 
What should I do if I forgot my Crypto.com App account email?
 Search ‘Crypto.com’ in all your email inboxes.  Search on Google Gmail.  Try to log in using the email address that contains communications from Crypto.com. You should receive a login email with the subject line: ‘Log In to Your Crypto.com App Account’   Verify that the sender is precise ‘Crypto.com’, and not another domain. If you have set up an Anti-Phishing Code, make sure the one that appears in the login email is correct.  If you did not receive or cannot locate the login email from Crypto.com, kindly reach out to our Customer Support team. Please note that you may be requested to provide identity documents, so we can verify you are the owner of the account. Click here to start a conversation with our Customer Support team.
Is the Crypto.com App available in my market?
 The Crypto.com App is currently available in 100+ markets. We review markets with regards to crypto regulations, credit card fraud, sanctions, roadmap, etc., and will add more markets as operations and regulations allow.  The Crypto.com Visa Card rollout is planned in stages, with Asia first (started shipping in Singapore October 2018), United States currently, followed by markets including the European Union, Canada, Australia, Brazil and more.  As the regulations in each market are rapidly changing, the status of our availability is changing on a nearly weekly basis. Please reference the relevant regulations/licensing requirements for your market.  When your card is ready to ship, you will receive a push notification in the app and an email, requesting you to update the app and provide us with your shipping address.  With regards to the supported states in the U.S., please refer to the section below. 
In which the U.S. states the Crypto.com App is available?
 The Crypto.com App is currently available in 49 states in the United States of America & US Territories, including: Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Washington, D.C. U.S. Territories* *The Crypto.com App is available in the U.S. Territories including American Samoa, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, however, the Crypto.com Visa Card is not available in these territories.  Our legal team continues to review the latest relevant rules and regulations and their impact on our service offering.  We'll continue to evaluate the steps required to offer our services in New York (our goal) and will provide updates when and if the status in this restricted state changes. 
Why is the Crypto.com App not available in certain markets in Google Play Store/App Store?
 As we scale and grow, we assess markets on a range of factors including crypto regulations, level of credit card fraud, sanctions, etc. The Crypto.com App is currently available in 49 states in the United States of America & US Territories, including: Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Washington, D.C. U.S. Territories* *The Crypto.com App is available in the U.S. Territories including American Samoa, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Guam however, the Crypto.com Visa Card is not available in these territories.  Our legal team continues to review the latest relevant rules and regulations and their impact on our service offering.  We'll continue to evaluate the steps required to offer our services in New York (our goal) and will provide updates when and if the status in this restricted state changes. In this stage of our app development, we hold the private keys, just like Coinbase and the majority of the exchanges.  Even though you might not hold your private keys, your data and assets are extremely safe with us as we have the best cold storage in the industry and the highest insurance coverage.  It is much easier for you to recover your account than if you had private keys.  We have functionalities like Pay Your Friends that give you a better experience than a wallet with private keys.  If you wish to have a wallet to which you own the private key, feel free to download the Crypto.com Defi Wallet. Crypto.com is committed to the security of its platform and believes in a proactive "Defense in Depth" culture approach, where we embed a security growth mindset into all aspects of our business processes. Crypto.com has secured a US $100M direct insurance policy led by Arch Underwriting at Lloyd's Syndicate 2012. This is the largest coverage that Crypto.com has secured for its cold storage assets on custodial partner Ledger Vault.  The new policy will significantly expand security protection for Crypto.com’s growing user base. We prefer to build mobile first - there is no reason for you to use a desktop if we deliver a design that works brilliantly on your phone. More broadly, we believe there is an enormous opportunity in crypto space to build great mobile experiences. Crypto.com App users can now easily transfer U.S. Dollars from their bank account via SWIFT, and receive their funds in the USD Coin (USDC) stablecoin via SWIFT. 
How do I set up the USDC Bank Transfers?
 You can set up USDC Bank Transfers in the Crypto.com App by the following steps below: Tap ‘Deposit’ > ‘Crypto’ > ‘USD Coin’ > ‘Bank Transfer’ Read and accept the Terms and Conditions Provide the required bank account information to connect your bank account and USDC Wallet You can submit your bank details via Tink or input them manually Provide the billing address associated with your bank account Review the information you have entered Please ensure the information you have entered matches your bank records. Incorrect information will result in the rejection of your deposit. After you have submitted your application, we may ask you to provide additional supporting documents. We will notify you in the App once your application is approved. Please reach out to our Customer Service Team via the in-app chat if you have any questions. 
Which regions are eligible to use this service?
 Continent Country/Region Europe United Kingdom  Italy  Germany  Spain  Romania  Poland  Belgium  Switzerland  Portugal  Sweden  Ireland  Greece  Austria  Hungary  Norway  Denmark  Finland  France  Bulgaria Asia Hong Kong  Singapore  India  Indonesia  Taiwan  Malaysia  Philippines  Israel  Japan  Jordan  Thailand  United Arab Emirates  Viet Nam Oceania New Zealand Africa Kenya North America Bermuda  Cayman Islands  Guatemala  Virgin Islands (British) Latin America Chile  Peru  Argentina  Mexico
How do I deposit USD and receive USDC?
 Once you have successfully connected your bank account and USDC Wallet, you can use the following bank details to initiate a SWIFT transfer to your Crypto.com App account: Unique Code (Specific to each user) This unique code must be included in the reference section of your transfer. Transfers without a unique code will be rejected. Beneficiary Name Circle Internet Financial Inc Beneficiary Address 99 High Street Boston MA 02110 Bank Name Silvergate Bank Routing Number/ABA/FEDWIRE Number 322286803 SWIFT / BIC code SIVGUS66 Account Number 5090007427 Bank Address 4250 Executive Square Suite 300 La Jolla, CA 92037 Important Note: We only accept deposits from verified bank accounts. Deposits from unrecognized bank accounts, or with missing or incorrect unique codes, will be rejected. Your deposit will then be refunded to the same bank account. Crypto.com and Circle do not charge fees for this refund, but your bank may impose a wire transfer fee.  Please allow 3 - 6 business days for your deposit/refund to be reflected in your USDC Wallet.  Maximum Daily Limit USD 1,000,000 per day Maximum Monthly Limit USD 10,000,000 per month Minimum Deposit Amount USD 100 per transaction *Only applies to retail users 
Can I use third-party payment processors (e.g. Revolut, Wise, PayPal) to make deposits?
 We cannot receive funds deposited from third-party payment processing companies (e.g. Wise Inc.). Please only use SWIFT to transfer funds from your bank account to your USDC Wallet. 
What currencies are accepted?
 Only U.S. Dollars are accepted at this time. 
What is the fee to deposit funds into my USDC Wallet?
 Crypto.com does not charge fees for USDC deposits via SWIFT, but your bank may apply a processing fee. Please reach out to your banking institution for more information.  Note: Please be aware that intermediary bank fees can occur.
How do I withdraw my funds?
 For regulatory reasons, you can only withdraw to bank accounts that you have used to deposit funds. Please follow the steps below to initiate a withdrawal request in the Crypto.com App: Tap Transfer > Withdraw > Crypto > Bank Account Input the withdrawal amount and select the bank account you are withdrawing funds to Review the submission process and withdrawal limits, and tap Withdraw Now We will notify you once the withdrawal is processed. Please note that it takes an average of 2 - 5 business days for processed funds to be reflected in your bank account.  In order to see which regions are eligible to use this service, please refer to this article. 
What is the withdrawal limit?
 Maximum Daily Limit USD 500,000 per day Maximum Monthly Limit USD 2,000,000 per month Minimum Withdrawal Amount USD 500 per transaction
Is there a withdrawal fee?
 Yes. A 25 USDC non-refundable fee will be applied to every withdrawal.  Note: Please be aware that intermediary bank fees can occur. 
What happens when the withdrawal is rejected by SWIFT?
 The withdrawal amount will be returned to your USDC Wallet in the event that your withdrawal request is rejected by SWIFT. Please note that SWIFT charges a non-refundable fee of 25 USDC to process each withdrawal, whether it is successful or not. We do not have any open source plans, but an attractive bug-bounty program has been launched with HackerOne.
BNB Deposits:
 Users will be able to deposit the BNB Mainnet Native Token (BEP2/BEP20 format) on the Crypto.com App. BEP2 represents the token standard on Binance Chain, while BEP20 represents a token standard on Binance Smart Chain. Make sure to specify the destination tag/memo, when depositing/withdrawing BNB tokens on the BEP2 (BNB Chain). Crypto.com does not support BNB ERC-20 deposits.
BNB Withdrawals:
 Users will be able to withdraw BNB Mainnet Native Token (BEP2/BEP20 format) on the Crypto.com App.
Crypto Earn:
 BNB in Crypto Earn: BNB will also have additional utility as it is now supported by Crypto Earn, allowing eligible Crypto.com App users to enjoy up to 3% p.a. on their BNB deposits, paid in BNB.
About Binance Chain
 Binance Chain is a blockchain software system initially developed by Binance and the community. Binance Chain is a community-driven development project with many developers and contributors from all over the world. Its native Binance Coin (BNB) powers the Binance Ecosystem, and has multiple use cases including fueling transactions on the Chain, paying for transaction fees on the Binance Exchange, and making in-store payments. For more information, please visit www.binance.org.  Crypto.com App users can convert cryptocurrency dust to CRO. 
What is cryptocurrency dust?
 Cryptocurrency dusts are small amounts of cryptocurrency under the minimum trade (BUY/SELL) limits.  The minimum trade limit for most crypto on the Crypto.com App is equivalent to approximately 0.0003 BTC.  Please refer to “Fees & Limits” under "Settings" in the app for the exact trade limits of each cryptocurrency. 
How do I know if I have any crypto dust?
 On the Accounts page, there is a dust button (upper right corner) that will display a notification (orange dot) if you have dust in your crypto wallet(s).  
How many crypto dust(s) can I convert?
 Up to 5 dusts per conversion.  There are no limits on the number of dust conversions, allowing our users to have more usable crypto. 
Any fees to convert dust to CRO?
 No, the conversions from dust to CRO will be based on the rates on the Crypto.com App without added fees. 
Which cryptocurrency is supported?
 All supported crypto available in your Crypto.com App, excluding CRO.
Which transactions in the Crypto.com App can be exported?
 Transaction records from the following can be exported as a CSV file. Crypto wallet Fiat wallet Crypto.com Visa card
How to export my Crypto.com App transaction records?
 On the Accounts page, tap the history icon (top right). Tap on the ‘Export’ button (top right). Select the Start and End Date (inclusive) then tap "Export to CSV’.  4. Tap the ‘Download’ button for the reports that are ready to be downloaded to the phone 
How to export my FIAT transaction records?
 On the Fiat Wallet page, tap on the ‘Export’ button (top right) Select the Start and End Date (inclusive) then tap "Export to CSV’ Tap the ‘Download’ button for the reports that are ready to be downloaded on the phone
How to export my Crypto.com Visa card transaction records?
 1.  From the Main Menu, click on the Card icon to go the Crypto.com Visa Card Menu 2. Click on the icon on the top-right corner to view your transaction history 3. Click on the icon on the top-right corner to export your transaction history    4. Select the transaction history period you want exported and click "Export" 5. You can then download your generated transaction history report on your device.    
How many transactions can be exported?
 Each transaction report can contain a date range of up to 3 years of transactions. 
How do I check the previous transaction reports that I've generated?
 The Export History shows the last 30 generated reports.  The download is only available for 30 days starting from the date of export. 
How do I view the last card's transaction?
 Scroll to the end of your transaction history and click on "Previous card transactions".  Note: This feature is currently in beta and only available in selected regions. 
What are Portfolio Allocations?
 The Allocations screen under the Accounts screen shows you which cryptocurrency you have across all the products offered within the Crypto.com App. It gives you a breakdown of the cryptocurrencies you own and how they spread across the different products such as Crypto Earn and Credit.  To access the Allocations screen, tap “Accounts” → tap the pie chart icon on the top-left of the screen. 
What is included in Allocations?
 All the cryptocurrencies that you own within the Crypto.com App are included in the Allocations feature, including coins that are currently locked within Crypto Earn & Credit as well as the Crypto.com Exchange. However, the Fiat wallet is not currently included in the feature. 
What are Profit and Loss?
 Profit and Loss give information about the performance of your crypto portfolio over a specific period so that you have a better idea of how your crypto investment is doing over time. Profit and Loss track your portfolio performance by comparing the Position Value and the Net Value Inflow for each cryptocurrency.  To access Profit and Loss, tap “Accounts” → tap “Profit/Loss”. 
What is Net Value Inflow?
 The Net Value Inflow is calculated as the difference between the value added to your crypto portfolio and the value removed from it. Below is an example of how the Net Value Inflow is calculated, e.g.  Net Value Inflow on Day 4 = ($2,476.60 + $3,699.85 + $4,588.97 - $10,759.54) =$5.89¹ Day BTC Transaction Price Quantity Value Position Position Value Net Value Inflow 1 Buy $8,255.34 0.30 $2,476.60 0.30 $2,476.60 $2,476.60 2 Deposit $9,249.62 0.40 $3,699.85 0.70 $6,474.73 $6,176.45 3 Buy $9,177.94 0.50 $4,588.97 1.20 $11,013.53 $10,765.42 4 Sell $9,118.25 1.18 $10,759.54 0.02 $182.37 $5.89 5 Buy $9,145.41 0.80 $7,316.33 0.82 $7,499.24 $7,322.21 6 Buy $9,254.21 0.70 $6,477.95 1.52 $14,066.40 $13,800.16 7 Withdraw $9,306.93 1.30 $12,099.01 0.22 $2,047.52 $1,701.15 8 Buy $9,211.34 0.50 $4,605.67 0.72 $6,632.16 $6,306.82 Note: ¹ Lost in precision due to roundings in the Value column. 
Calculating Total Profit and Loss
 The Total Profit and Loss is the difference between your Position Value and the Net Value of Inflow. The calculation would include your realized profits as well as your unrealized profits. Below is an example of how the Total Profit and Loss are calculated.  e.g. Total Profit and Loss on Day 7 = ($2,047.52 - $1,701.15) = $346.37 Day BTC Transaction Price Quantity Value Position Value Net Value Inflow Total P&L 1 Buy $8,255.34 0.30 $2,476.60 $2,476.60 $2,476.60 $0.00 2 Deposit $9,249.62 0.40 $3,699.85 $6,474.73 $6,176.45 $298.28 3 Buy $9,177.94 0.50 $4,588.97 $11,013.53 $10,765.42 $248.11 4 Sell $9,118.25 1.18 $10,759.54 $182.37 $5.89 $176.48 5 Buy $9,145.41 0.80 $7,316.33 $7,499.24 $7,322.21 $177.02 6 Buy $9,254.21 0.70 $6,477.95 $14,066.40 $13,800.16 $266.24 7 Withdraw $9,306.93 1.30 $12,099.01 $2,047.52 $1,701.15 $346.37 8 Buy $9,211.34 0.50 $4,605.67 $6,632.16 $6,306.82 $325.34 
What does the Profit and Loss Percentage mean?
 The Profit and Loss Percentage measures the percentage of Profit & Loss over the value inflow since the creation of your account.  E.g. Profit and Loss Percentage on Day 8 = $325.34 / ($2,476.60 + $3,699.85 + $4,588.97 + $7,316.33 + $6,477.95 + $4,605.67) = 1.12% Day BTC Transaction Price Quantity Value Position Value Total P&L P&L % 1 Buy $8,255.34 0.30 $2,476.60 $2,476.60 $0.00 0.00% 2 Deposit $9,249.62 0.40 $3,699.85 $6,474.73 $298.28 4.83% 3 Buy $9,177.94 0.50 $4,588.97 $11,013.53 $248.11 2.30% 4 Sell $9,118.25 1.18 $10,759.54 $182.37 $176.48 1.64% 5 Buy $9,145.41 0.80 $7,316.33 $7,499.24 $177.02 0.98% 6 Buy $9,254.21 0.70 $6,477.95 $14,066.40 $266.24 1.08% 7 Withdraw $9,306.93 1.30 $12,099.01 $2,047.52 $346.37 1.41% 8 Buy $9,211.34 0.50 $4,605.67 $6,632.16 $325.34 1.12% 
CRO Staking Benefits
 Reserve one of our premium metal Crypto.com Visa cards Receive Crypto Wallet Benefits i.e. Purchase Rebates, Extra Card Cashback Enjoy better APR in Crypto Credit and Crypto Earn CRO Stake Rewards:  Receive CRO at 4% p.a. for Jade Green or Royal Indigo, 8% p.a. for Frosted Rose Gold, Icy White, and Obsidian tiers while the amount is staked.  The rewards are paid on weekly basis.  CRO Staking rates have been changed from 10% (12% for private users) to 4% (8% for private users) effective June 1, 2022. Users with an existing stake (before 1 June, 2022 00:00 UTC) will still receive the 10%/12% rate until 180 days staking period is over. New rate (4%/8%) will take effect once the staking period has matured or if there is any staking activity that changes your CRO staked amount. For details of different levels of benefits in relation to the amount of staked CRO, please refer to the Crypto.com Cards section of our website. 
How to stake CRO in the Crypto.com App?
 Once you have enough CRO tokens in your Crypto.com App for your selected Crypto.com Visa card: Go to the Card page (bottom-right corner of the app) Select your desired Crypto.com Visa card Tap the Stake CRO button and follow the on-screen instructions To stake CRO, you need to have an adequate amount of CRO Tokens in your CRO wallet in the Crypto.com App. To do so, there are 3 options:  Tap the Trade button Tap Buy Select CRO from the list Choose purchase method. You can fund your CRO wallet with: credit card bank transfer via EUR, USD, GBP, AUD, CAD fiat wallets 5. Enter the required amount of CRO 6. Confirm the purchase  Tap the Trade button Tap Sell Select a wallet with your other crypto Select CRO as the allocation to a crypto wallet Enter the required amount of CRO Confirm the purchase For the current list of exchanges with CRO, please refer here.
When should I stake CRO to secure the Crypto.com Visa card?
 Staking CRO will give you the staking benefits stated above.  You need to stake enough CRO for your metal Crypto.com Visa card. When the stake is locked, we will review your application and as soon as your card status is changed to "Shipped", the card will be on its way to you. 
Can I increase the staking amount (upgrade)?
 Yes. During the initial 180-days staking period, you can increase the amount of staked CRO, by going to your CRO wallet in the app and selecting the Upgrade button.  You will be prompted to add the difference between your existing stake and the one you are going for (so, for example, if you've currently staked 2,000 CRO and would like to increase to 20,000 CRO, you will need to add 18,000 CRO).  The new stake will reset the timer and another 180-days period will start. To increase your staking amount after your Crypto.com card has been issued, please follow this upgrade process (U.S.) (Singapore) (E.U & U.K) (Canada)(Brazil)(Australia). 
How can I unlock my CRO?
 After the 180-days staking period is completed, you'll be able to unlock your CRO. Simply go to the CRO wallet in your App and tap the “Unstake” button.  Note, that by unlocking CRO you will be losing a number of wallet benefits that come with CRO staking, for example: Purchase Rebates Extra Card Cashback Higher Rewards Rate in Earn Lower Rewards Rate in Credit However, your Crypto.com card benefits (e.g. Card Cashback (of up to 2%), LoungeKey™ Access, fee-free ATM withdrawal limits, and Interbank Exchange Rates) will not be affected by un-staking CRO. 
How to restake CRO tokens?
 Users that have unstaked their CRO following the initial 180 days staking period can restake in the app to enjoy CRO staking benefits. 
How to restake CRO
 Go to your CRO Wallet in the App. Tap on the Stake button and follow the guided steps. Staking a higher tier will make you eligible for that tier's Crypto.com Visa Card. There is an option* to have it issued at the end of the restaking process. Note: Requires App Version 3.50 iOS/Android or later. The new stake will reset the timer and another 180-days period will start. CRO is a multi-network Token supported by Ethereum’s ERC20, Crypto.com’s native chain - Cronos Chain, and Cronos Network. Click here for more information on Cronos Chain. For additional information regarding Cronos Mainnet, please refer to this article.  You can now deposit and withdraw CRO (ERC20), CRO (Cronos), or CRO via the Crypto.com App. Click here for more details on which network type our other tokens use.  If you store your CROs in an external wallet, you can also choose to perform the burn by depositing CRO (ERC20) into your Crypto.com App and withdrawing CRO back to your external wallet. Click here for more information on Token Migration.  When trading (e.g Buy, Sell, Stake) or transferring (e.g Send to friends, to Crypto.com’s Exchange) CRO, the network type won’t be taken into account as this is all within Crypto.com’s ecosystem. You only need to choose network type when depositing or withdrawing from external wallets, including the Crypto.com Defi Wallet. 
How do I deposit native CRO?
 1. At the Accounts page, tap Crypto Wallet > Transfer > Deposit 2. Select CRO 3. In the Deposit Drawer, choose to deposit CRO, CRO(ERC20), or CRO(Cronos) 4. Copy the address and navigate to your external wallet to complete the deposit  * Please note that depositing CRO requires both memo and address for us to identify the deposit 
How do I withdraw native CRO?
 At the Accounts page, tap Crypto Wallet > Transfer > Withdraw Select CRO Select either External Wallet, Crypto.com Defi Wallet*, or Crypto.com Users If you have selected External Wallet, tap on + > Wallet Address to whitelist a new native CRO address Fill out your native CRO address, Wallet Name, and memo field if you are withdrawing to another exchange Tap on ‘no memo required for my wallet’ if you are withdrawing to a decentralized wallet Proceed with withdrawal after whitelisting your native CRO address* there is no need to differentiate CRO or CRO ERC20 when withdrawing to Exchange or sending to other users on the Crypto.com App as that is within the Cronos ecosystem  Difference Cronos CRO Crypto.org Chain CRO ERC20 CRO Chain Cronos Crypto.org Chain Ethereum Address Format Starts with “0x…” Starts with “cro…” Starts with “0x…” Memo required Not required Required when depositing or withdrawing to other exchanges Not required Withdrawal Fee 0.2 CRO 0.001 CRO 70 CRO Crypto.com App is now supporting multi-network deposit and withdrawal for some of the tokens, please make sure that the selected network is the same as the network of the platform you are withdrawing funds from or depositing funds to. Otherwise, your deposited funds will not be added to your available balance.  If the external platform only supports ERC20, you must select the ERC20 deposit network.  For example, you can only send ERC20 tokens to another ERC20 address, if send ERC20 tokens to another BSC address, you will lose your funds. 
How do I deposit crypto?
 1. At Home, tap Deposit > Crypto 2. Select CRO 3. In the Deposit Drawer, choose to deposit CRO or CRO(ERC20) 4. Copy the address and navigate to your external wallet to complete the deposit  * Please note that depositing CRO requires both memo and address for us to identify the deposit.   
How do I withdraw crypto?
 At Home, tap Transfer > Withdraw. Select either External Wallet or Crypto.com Defi Wallet*. If you have selected External Wallet, tap on + > Wallet Address to whitelist a new native CRO address. Fill out your native CRO address, Wallet Name, and memo field if you are withdrawing to another exchange. Tap on ‘no memo required for my wallet’ if you are withdrawing to a decentralized wallet. Proceed with withdrawal after whitelisting your native CRO address. Enter your passcode or confirm using biometric ID. Enter the 2FA authentication code generated by your authenticator app. Tap on ‘send’ to receive an SMS message containing the mobile verification code.(the code will be valid for 5 minutes) Enter the mobile verification code. Wait for the withdrawal to be processed. * There is no need to differentiate CRO or CRO ERC20 when withdrawing to Exchange or sending to other users on the Crypto.com App as that is within the Crypto.com ecosystem.
Deposits of Unsupported Tokens
 If a client has deposited a token that is not supported by Crypto.com, they may contact customer support for assistance in retrieving the funds. Fund retrieval may not be possible in some cases. 
Deposits with Incorrect or Missing Addresses / Tags / Memos
 If a user has submitted a deposit with an incorrect or missing address, tag, or memo, they may contact customer support for assistance in retrieving the funds. Fund retrieval may not be possible in some cases. *Note: Please note a retrieval fee of up to USD150 may be charged for retrieving any missing crypto deposits, as determined by Crypto.com at its sole discretion and subject to change from time to time.
How to Deposit Crypto into the Crypto.com App?
 Please take a look at the step-by-step guide to depositing crypto into the Crypto.com App. 
Which cryptocurrency deposits are accepted in the Crypto.com App?
 Disclaimer: Please find the list within the App's Transfer Menu for the most accurate representation of the available deposit and withdrawal cryptocurrencies. Not all cryptocurrencies may be displayed.  Note: LUNA (Cronos) and MIR (Cronos) withdrawals are paused. Luna (Cronos), and MIR (ERC20/Cronos) deposits are paused. USDC (Arbitrium) deposits and withdrawals are disabled. WEMIX (KLAYTN) deposits and withdrawals are disabled. USDT (Solana) deposits and withdrawals are disabled. BAL (ERC20), CVX (ERC20), BAND (Native), and PERP (ERC20) withdrawals are disabled. SNT (Cronos/ERC20) deposits and withdrawals are paused. GUSD (ERC20) deposits are currently disabled. TAUD (ERC20) deposits are currently disabled.  Deposits and withdrawals of LTC using MimbleWimble Extension Blocks (MWEB) are not supported in the Crypto.com App and Exchange
Native
 BTC, WTC, CRO, XRP, STX, THETA, DOT, LTC, EGLD, ALGO, BAND, CSPR, DOGE, FIL, XTZ, BNB, EOS, XLM, VET, QTUM, ICX, NEO, ADA, BCH, ATOM, ONT, WAVES, ONE, STRAX, AVAX, CKB, KAVA, KSM, TFUEL, ZIL, SOL, VTHO, ETC, SC, ICP, KLAY, IOTX, WAXP, FLOW, NEAR, SDN, HBAR, AR, MOVR, SGB, DGB, LSK, IRIS, FTM, GLMR, ACA, AKT, LUNC, RUNE, LUNA (deposits only), XNO, MINA, ETHW, HNT, APT, OSMO, POLYX, OP, ASTR, FLR
ERC20
 TAUD, ETH, DIA, TCAD, CRO, HOT, TGBP, BAT, RDN, TUSD, ENJ, PAXG, ZRX, FARM, LINK, PYR¹, USDC, CHR, OGN, GHST, KNC, BOSON, EFI, DYDX, CQT, OMG, JASMY, BAL, BNT, CRV, LRC, UNI, YFI, MATIC, CELR, FET, MANA, DAI, MKR, COMP, GLM, GRT, SNX, NKN, SKL, 1INCH, SAND, SUSHI, RARI, SHIB, TRB, FORTH, BUSD, HUSD (withdrawal only), GUSD, AUDIO, CTSI, RLC, INJ, AXS, GTC, XSGD, AAVE, ANKR, ELF, FTM, REN, STORJ, USDT, CHZ, MLN, LPT, AMP, OCEAN, RLY, QNT, RSR², ORN, FXS, YGG, ALICE, QUICK, MASK, PLA, BOND, AGLD, WBTC, DERC, RAD, C98, ILV, POLY, NMR, REQ, COTI, PENDLE, GALA, BADGER, ELON, ENS, VRA, PERP, POWR, DAR, PAX, XYO, GODS, POLS, IMX, SPELL, SUPER, RADAR, BOBA (withdrawal only), API3, TRIBE, IDEX, RNDR, KP3R, CVX, BICO, MCO, OXT, TRU (Truefi), UMA, QRDO, SLP, T, ALPHA, AERGO, ALCX, REEF, APE, ALI, MDT, PRQ, LDO, fUSDT, FRAX, BIFI, BOO, SCREAM, GEIST, GAL, MIR (Withdrawals only), GAL, RARE, MC, KRL, SNT, LOKA, UNFI, MXC, AIOZ, METIS, POND, BLZ, VVS, FER, OOKI, MTD, AR, CUDOS, WOO, STG, ACH, GALA, HIGH, GNO, RBN, MULTI (deposit only), LIT, HFT, TOMO, REP⁸, ANT, ERN (deposit only), FIS
BSC
 HOD, BNB, CAKE, BAKE, EPS, BIFI, AUTO, SPS, FLUX, EPX, pGALA (withdrawals only)
Polygon
 ETH, USDC, MATIC, SUPER, USDT
Cronos
 ETH, CRO, ENJ, TUSD, LINK, USDC, DOT, DOGE, DAI, ATOM, SHIB, USDT, WBTC, ELON, VVS, TONIC, ADA, RADAR, DERC, PENDLE, QRDO, APE, ALI, MMF, SOL, EFI, UMA, NEO, YFI, QNT, HOT, MKR, REN, QTUM, BAT, DYDX, CHR, PRQ, AURORA, MATIC, ZIL, AVAX⁵, BUSD³, YGG, PAXG, OGN, AR, CSPR, BOSON, CKB, SNX, FTM⁴, VET, EGLD, ONE, FIL, THETA, ICX, ETC, FITFI, VTHO, WEMIX, RARE, MC, SNT, GAL, REP, XNO, EPX, FER, GODS, UNFI, MXC, LOKA, RUNE, XLM, MTD, HNT, LRC, WOO, GALA
Arbitrum
 ETH, LINK, SUSHI, WBTC, GMX, MAGIC
AVAX C-Chain
 WETH.e*, QI, AVAX, USDC.e*, JOE
Solana
 ZBC, GMT, USDC, GARI
Crypto.org
 CRO, DOT, EOS, XLM, ADA
ONT
 MBL
KLAYTN
 WEMIX
MATIC
 VOXEL
Optimism
 ETH Note: Any deposits through unsupported chains cannot be credited or refunded.  ¹PYR (ERC20) New (and the only supported) contract address: 0x430ef9263e76dae63c84292c3409d61c598e9682 ²RSR (ERC20) New (and the only supported) contract address: 0x320623b8e4ff03373931769a31fc52a4e78b5d70  ³BUSD(Cronos) supported contract address: 0xC74D59A548ecf7fc1754bb7810D716E9Ac3e3AE5  ⁴FTM(Cronos) supported contract address: 0x63888BaFc5975630E4E5CF50c3845a3250115F64  ⁵AVAX(Cronos) supported contract address: 0x8d58088D4E8Ffe75A8b6357ba5ff17B93B912640  ⁶WETH.e (AVAX C-Chain) 0x49D5c2BdFfac6CE2BFdB6640F4F80f226bc10bAB  ⁷USDC.e (AVAX C-Chain) 0xa7d7079b0fead91f3e65f86e8915cb59c1a4c664  ⁸REP (ERC20) 0x221657776846890989a759BA2973e427DfF5C9bB   
Which cryptocurrency deposits are accepted in the Crypto.com App?
 Refer to this article for the list of supported cryptocurrency deposits. Always make sure that you are sending your cryptocurrency to the correct address, as crypto transactions are irreversible.  If you’re making your first deposit to your Crypto.com App, try sending a small amount of crypto first to familiarize yourself with the process and make sure that everything works correctly. 
How to Deposit Crypto?
 Tap on the "Transfer" button > “Deposit” > “Crypto” Select the cryptocurrency you want to deposit A pop-up will appear with your deposit address and its QR code. Please note: Your deposit address for ETH and ERC-20 tokens* is exactly the same. XRP, BNB, EOS & XLM, ATOM, BAND, CRO(Native), STX, KAVA, RUNE, and LUNC deposits require both the destination tag/memo and deposit address. A destination tag is referred to as Memo Text or Memo ID in Stellar (XLM) terminology. Stellar (XLM) "account merge" transfers are not supported and are not considered deposits.  Merging XLM accounts to Crypto.com will result in your funds being unrecoverable. 1. Copy and paste the address to your crypto wallet (or scan the QR code) as the receiving address (you can also send it to yourself or your friends by tapping the Share button).  2. Select the amount of crypto you want to deposit and submit/broadcast the transaction. Remember that to transfer ERC-20 tokens, you must have some ETH in your wallet to pay the transaction fees. 
Where is My Crypto Deposit?
 Once the transaction is on the blockchain, it will take the following number of confirmations for the deposit to appear in your Crypto.com App: 1 confirmation for XRP, XLM, ATOM, BNB, EOS, ALGO 5 confirmations for NEO 6 confirmations for BTC. BCH 12 confirmations for LTC, VET, ETH, and ERC-20 tokens 15 confirmations for ADA 30 confirmations for XTZ 256 confirmations for ETH, USDC, MATIC, SUPER, and USDT on Polygon 4000 confirmations for ETHW 20000 confirmations for ETC When it does, you will receive an email notification about the successful deposit. A withdrawal from the Crypto.com App is a transaction of transferring crypto from the Crypto.com environment to an external address (usually a wallet or an exchange). As all blockchain transactions - and contrary to sending crypto to another Crypto.com App user - come with a fee.  You can find the relevant withdrawal fee in the Fees & Limits section of the Settings in your Crypto.com App. 
Automated Withdrawals
 All Users’ deposits are held in cold storage, for security reasons, however, withdrawal requests - for all cryptos - are automated. In most cases, withdrawals are almost instant and normally should take no longer than 2-3 hours to be processed.  Note: Withdrawals will be sent from an address that differs from your crypto's deposit address. 
Security
 2FA will be required for both addresses whitelisting and initiating crypto withdrawals if you are using an Untrusted Device.  To safeguard your funds, you are recommended to enable the 24-hour withdrawal lock, which protects your account by disabling withdrawals for 24 hours to addresses that have been newly whitelisted.  Please note that you will not be eligible for the Account Protection Programme (if applicable) while this feature is disabled.  1. Open the Crypto.com App and go to “Settings” 2. Click “24-hour Withdrawal Lock” under the “Security” tab 3. Toggle on the 24-Hour Withdrawal Lock  1. Open the Crypto.com App and go to “Settings” 2. Click “24-hour Withdrawal Lock” under the “Security” tab 3. Toggle off the 24-Hour Withdrawal Lock 4. Click “I want to disable” to confirm your decision 5. Enter your passcode or confirm using a biometric ID.  Important: Disabling the Lock will take effect in 24 hours. 
Address whitelisting
 To increase the security of your funds, we are requiring withdrawal address whitelisting every time you want to send crypto to a new address.  *Please note there will be a 24-hour withdrawal lock on the newly added withdrawal address if the feature is enabled.  *Please be advised that when the network you are using for withdrawing or the token is different, whitelisting is mandatory.  Open the Crypto.com App and go to "Accounts" Open your Crypto Wallet Tap the TRANSFER button > “Withdraw” > “External Wallet”   Click on the "+ Add Wallet Address" button to add a new withdrawal address. If you already have one or more added, click the "+" in the upper right corner and tap "Wallet Address" to see the option appear. Select the cryptocurrency you wish to withdraw and the network you wish to use Type, paste or scan the withdrawal address (tap the blue QR code icon to scan the address) Give your wallet a name and hit CONTINUE Enter the mobile verification code You'll be prompted to enter the 6-digit verification code generated by your authenticator app (if you are using an Untrusted Device) Enter the 2FA authentication code generated by your authenticator app Repeat the previous steps to save a whitelisted list of your withdrawal addresses When entering the withdrawal address, remember to remove any whitespace before or after the string of characters, or any other text that is not a part of the address (sometimes when you scan a QR code, it will add something like “ethereum:” if you try saving it, you will get an error message “Invalid Address”).  Please see other sections for common issues associated with specific cryptos.  Open the Crypto.com App and go to "Accounts" Open your Crypto Wallet Press the "Transfer" button Press "Withdrawal"   Select "External wallet" Locate and select the whitelisted wallet address. Enter your passcode or confirm using biometric ID. Enter the 2FA authentication code generated by your authenticator app. (if you are using an Untrusted Device) Enter the mobile verification code. Enter the amount and press "Withdraw" Wait for the withdrawal to be processed.
How To Locate the Transaction ID (TxHash/TxID)?
 1. Tap on the transaction in the respective Crypto Wallet or in the Transaction History 2. Tap on the ‘Withdraw to’ address hyperlink  3. You can either copy the TxHash or view the transaction in a Blockchain Explorer
Withdrawal request confirmation
 Once your withdrawal address is confirmed, you will receive a withdrawal request confirmation email - that means we have acknowledged receiving your request and will process it as soon as we can (usually instant, but should take no longer than 2-3 hours to be processed). You will receive a separate notification, once the request is processed. 
Warning
 If you receive an email for an action you did not request (address whitelisting or crypto withdrawal), please contact our Support immediately (for speed, use the in-app chat, if possible - you can find it in the Settings, section: Contact Support). Our Staff will help you to disable crypto transactions (if necessary), attempt to stop the withdrawal request, and change the passcode (we will need to verify your identity to do that).  As it is possible that your account has been compromised, you may want to change your Crypto.com login email at the same time (click on Profile, then tap the email address). You will need to have access to your current email address to complete this action.
What is PayString?
 PayString is a payment identifier protocol developed by Ripple and provides a single ID for anyone needing to send or receive money.  You can register for your unique PayString, username$paystring.crypto.com, which will allow you and other senders to deposit funds into the Crypto.com App with ease. 
Supported cryptocurrencies for PayString deposits:
 BTC, XRP, ETH, CRO, and supported ERC-20 tokens.  You can also whitelist external PayString to withdraw funds from the Crypto.com App. Depending on the external PayString, most of the Crypto.com App-listed coins can be withdrawn to the whitelisted PayString. 
Supported cryptocurrencies for PayString withdrawals:
 BTC, XRP, ETH, CRO, and supported ERC-20 tokens. 
When can I register for a PayString?
 Users eligible for early registration will be able to register first during the exclusive registration period from 19 October to 2 November 2020 at 00:00 UTC.  All users can register afterward.  As each PayString is unique and tied to one user only, the usernames will be registered on a first come first serve basis.  The PayString which you choose must not be: harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing any intellectual property right, or invasive of personal privacy rights. You agree that we maintain the full right and discretion to change your PayString. 
Early registration eligibility:
 10,000 CRO or more staked in Crypto.com Exchange OR 10,000 CRO or more staked in Crypto.com App
How do I register for a PayString?
 Go to ‘PayString’ under ‘Settings’ in the Crypto.com App Tap on ‘Register a PayString’ Enter a unique username* Confirm your registration By default all 4 coins (CRO, ETH, BTC, and XRP) are linked to this PayString, you can  choose to unlink the coins *Username must be between 3-164 characters (digits: “0-9”; letters: “a-z” (all should be small) and special characters: “. - _”)  
How do I deposit with my PayString?
 Complete the PayString registration Go to Crypto Wallet and select Transfer >  Deposit Select the coin (BTC, XRP, ETH, or CRO) you want to deposit and tap on PayString Tap on the copy button to copy your PayString- If the preferred coin is unlinked, press ‘edit’ to link it Exit the Crypto.com App to an external wallet Paste your PayString to your external wallet’s withdrawal section and follow the external wallet’s withdrawal steps
How do I add a PayString to the whitelist for withdrawals?
 Go to Crypto Wallet and select Transfer > Withdraw > External Wallet > PayString> + Add New PayString Enter the external PayString and confirm
How do I withdraw with PayString?
 Go to Crypto Wallet and select Transfer >  Withdraw Select the receiving PayString to withdraw to. If you haven’t added a PayString to the whitelist, add one first. Select coin and amount for withdrawal and confirm
How do I link/unlink coins with my PayString?
 Go to Settings > PayString Tap on Edit Select coins to link or unlink
How do I remove PayString from the whitelist?
 Go to Crypto Wallet and select Transfer > Withdraw > External Wallet > PayString Swipe left on the PayString you would like to remove Tap on the delete icon and confirm the removal
Minimum & Maximum Limits
 Minimum withdrawal amount: BTC 0.003Maximum withdrawal limit for all cryptos is BTC 10 (or equivalent) on a 24h rolling basis. Withdrawal fee: BTC 0.0006  Please check the Fees & Limits section in the app’s Settings, for the most current information. 
Withdrawal Addresses
 Withdraw to any BTC address type (including but not limited to SegWit addresses). It allows customers to utilize our platform for more secure BTC spending when withdrawing. (Spending BTC from SegWit addresses is considered more secure than from legacy addresses.)  Please refer to this article on whitelisting a BTC address for withdrawals. 
Automated Withdrawals
 In most cases, BTC withdrawals normally should take approximately 2 hours, subject to network conditions.  Note: Users’ BTC Wallet deposit addresses have changed due to the new infrastructure Please check any previously-stored/saved address locations and update to the new BTC address, which starts with 3. Deposit to P2SH-wrapped segwit addresses: Users can still deposit from legacy wallet providers who do not support native SegWit addresses yet, and be assured their funds stay in Crypto.com safely.
Minimum & Maximum Limits
 Minimum withdrawal amount: Please check the Fees & Limits section in the app’s Settings, for the most current info on the minimum withdrawal amounts and fees, as they vary between different cryptos. The maximum withdrawal limit for all cryptos is BTC 10 (or equivalent) on a 24-hour rolling basis. 
Withdrawal Addresses
 There are no known issues with sending ETH and ERC-20 tokens to external addresses, as long as the wallet or exchange you are sending your tokens to supports the token you’re transferring. If you’re not sure if the ERC-20 token is supported by your wallet, please check with its developers first.  In case no support is provided, start with sending the minimum amount possible. Only if the transaction is successful, proceed with sending the whole amount. While it may be more costly, it is definitely much safer - do remember, that once a transaction is posted to the blockchain, we will not be able to stop or reverse it. 
Automated Withdrawals
 In most cases, ETH and ERC-20 withdrawals normally should take no longer than two hours to be processed.
Minimum & Maximum Limits
 Minimum withdrawal amount: 0.5 XRP Maximum withdrawal limit for all cryptos is BTC 10 (or equivalent) on a 24h rolling basis. Withdrawal fee: 0.25 XRP  Please check the Fees & Limits section in the app’s Settings, for the most current info. 
Withdrawal Addresses
 Warning - Destination Tag: When whitelisting an XRP withdrawal address, please be sure to check whether or not the wallet or exchange you are sending your Ripple to requires a destination tag (most, if not all, exchanges do).  If you make an XRP transfer without a destination tag to a deposit address that requires it, the funds may be lost or you may need to pay an extra fee for retrieving them.  Please refer to this article on whitelisting an XRP address for withdrawals. 
Automated Withdrawals
 In most cases, XRP withdrawals are almost instant and normally should take no longer than two hours to be processed.
Minimum & Maximum Limits
 Minimum withdrawal amount:  Please check the Fees & Limits section in the app’s Settings, for the most current info on the minimum withdrawal amounts as they vary between the different chains. The maximum withdrawal limit for all cryptos is BTC 10 (or equivalent) on a 24h rolling basis.  Withdrawal fee: Please check the Fees & Limits section in the app’s Settings, for the most current info on the withdrawal fees as they vary between the different chains. 
Withdrawal Addresses
 We support Litecoin addresses starting with L, M & LTC. If you happen to request a withdrawal to an LTC address starting with 3 or 1, please use this tool to convert the format of the address to a supported one.  Please refer to this article on whitelisting a supported LTC address for withdrawals. 
Automated Withdrawals
 In most cases LTC withdrawals normally should take no longer than two hours to be processed, subject to network conditions.
Crypto.com App supports the following cryptocurrencies:
 Disclaimer: For the most accurate representation of the available for purchase cryptocurrencies, please find the list within the App's Trade Menu. Not all cryptocurrencies may be displayed. BTC HOT TAUD LTC STX TCAD ETH DIA TGBP CRO POLS PAXG ENJ RDN TUSD BAT GHST JOE USDP THETA CVX USDC ANT ROSE OMG CSPR OG KNC CHR ARG ZRX NEAR SCCP LINK WTC UCH OGN XRP COTI ALGO BOSON C98 eGLD EFI ILV BAND GMX RAD XSGD DYDX SDN FIL SFP FLOW DOT MOVR ARPA BAL KDA PERP DOGE QI GALA UMA IMX ELON WBTC HOD COTI UNI APT PENDLE YFI JASMY CQT BNT JOE XYO CRV CVX BADGER LRC ROSE ENS MATIC GLMR VVS ONG KSM POWR ETC REN DAR WAVES STORJ XYO ONE TFUEL BICO DASH USDT OXT RVN VTHO GODS KMD ZIL ANY ARK CHZ TRU (TrueFi) ARDR SOL SPELL STRAX LPT HBAR NANO AMP SUPER LSK MLN RADAR GLM HNT API3 ONT KLAY AR QTUM KEEP RNDR ICX MINA PYR¹ NEO BOND TONIC XLM SLP BOBA ADA QNT IDEX BCH MASK KP3R VET SC BIFI XTZ PENDLE SGB ATOM REP IOST EOS POLY SC MKR NU GTC DAI OCEAN AAVE MANA RLY ANKR FET QUICK AVAX⁵ CELR CQT BLZ BNB RSR² CKB GRT ALICE COS COMP FARM ELF SNX PLA POND SKL ORN GAS NMR FXS IRIS SUSHI DERC KAVA NKN IOTX PAX RUNE YGG OSMO FORTH REQ GUSD 1INCH WAXP AUDIO SAND AGLD IQ AXS PSG CTSI XVS ACM RLC CAKE JUV INJ SHIB ASR TRB ICP ATM XCH DGB EPS BUSD³ AUTO ACA MBL EOS FTM⁴ QRDO APE MC AERGO ALPHA REEF ALCX ASTR WEMIX CRPT MDT CHESS AURORA VOXEL FITFI MMF RARE KRL SPS AKT RARI FLUX LDO BAR OP SNT EPX XNO UNFI WOO ZBC FER METIS MXC ACH GNO AIOZ CUDOS OOKI HIGH POLYX MTD STG LUNC LIT GMT ERN MAGIC HFT GARI FIS FLR RPL PSTAKE  ¹PYR (ERC20) New (and the only supported) contract address: 0x430ef9263e76dae63c84292c3409d61c598e9682  ²RSR (ERC20) New (and the only supported) contract address: 0x320623b8e4ff03373931769a31fc52a4e78b5d70  ³BUSD(Cronos) supported contract address: 0xC74D59A548ecf7fc1754bb7810D716E9Ac3e3AE5  ⁴FTM(Cronos) supported contract address: 0x63888BaFc5975630E4E5CF50c3845a3250115F64  ⁵AVAX(Cronos) supported contract address: 0x8d58088D4E8Ffe75A8b6357ba5ff17B93B912640  You can purchase these cryptocurrencies directly in the Crypto.com app with your: Credit/debit card (Visa or MasterCard) EUR bank transfers on the SEPA network USD bank transfers on the ACH network (available for eligible U.S. users) USD wire bank transfers (available for eligible U.S. users) CAD Bank Transfers (available for eligible Canada users) AUD Bank Transfers via NPP Network & BPAY (available for eligible Australian users) GBP Bank Transfers via FPS Network (available for eligible U.K. users) Xfers (available for eligible Singapore users)
How do I purchase crypto via Google Pay?
 Google Pay is now available for crypto purchases. Follow the steps below to start buying crypto with eligible bank cards stored in your Google Pay account. Step 1 Select Google Pay as the payment method Step 2 Acknowledge the card fee* and tap Continue Step 3 Review the transaction details and tap Confirm Step 4 Once you’re ready to pay, tap Continue *Fee varies depending on the country. 
Who is eligible for this?
 Users who: have a compatible Android device; and have a locally-issued Visa or Mastercard that has been provisioned to Google Pay. Here is the list of available markets: Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Bulgaria Canada Chile Colombia Croatia Czechia Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jordan Kenya Kuwait Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Mexico New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovakia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand United States, excluding NY and U.S. Territories (Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, Virgin Islands, Northern Mariana Islands) Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam
Why did my order request fail?
 Here are some possible reasons: The price timed out. Please note that you have 15 seconds to confirm your purchase. Additionally, the time required to confirm an order also depends on your network connection, so this may vary by a few seconds. Your order exceeded the purchase limit or was below the minimum amount. You do not have any eligible credit/debit card in your Google Pay account. Please add another card and ensure that it was locally-issued. Your card issuer declined the transaction. If all the above scenarios fail to describe your situation, or if you encounter any other problems with your crypto purchase, please contact our Customer Support Team via the in-app chat. You may be asked to provide the date, time, and approximate value of the transaction, so please keep this information handy. These details allow us to assist you better.
How to purchase CRO and/or crypto in the Crypto.com App with my credit/debit card?
 Tap Buy and select CRO or your preferred crypto to purchase. Add your credit/debit card on the screen that follows, which will create a secure link to our payment gateway. Please follow the on-screen instructions, entering your card details (your card number, name on the card, expiry date, and the CVV code located at the back of the card). To verify your card, a small amount of $0.10 SGD (or local equivalent) will be temporarily held for up to 7 days and won’t be charged - please confirm this transaction in order to complete the process. Once complete, return to your CRO or crypto wallet under the Accounts page, tap the BUY button, enter the desired amounts and select your credit/debit card as the source of funds. Confirm the transaction with your passcode or fingerprint and the transaction will be processed. If you encounter any problems with your crypto purchase, please contact our Support Team via the in-app chat. You may be asked to provide the date, time, and approximate value of the transaction, so please keep this information handy.  Note: Remember to never provide any sensitive information of your credit/debit card, except for the issuing bank (name and country may be requested).  On March 16, 2020, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) imposed new rules on card transactions, limiting credit and debit cards to local POS and ATM payments only. In order to buy crypto or top up your Crypto.com wallet, please check with your issuing bank how to activate international online payments for your card. If your card has been enabled for online purchases and your transactions are still failing, please double check your issuing bank’s acceptable use policy. Despite India‘s Supreme Court lifting the ban on crypto trading, a number of local banks are still declining crypto sale/purchase transactions. Apple Pay is now available for crypto purchases. Follow the steps below to start buying crypto with eligible bank cards stored in your Apple Wallet. Step 1 Select Apple Pay as a payment Step 2 Acknowledge the card fee* and tap Continue Step 3 Review and confirm the transaction details Step 4 Pass the biometric ID check or enter your passcode *Fee varies depending on the country. 
Who is eligible?
 Users who: have a compatible iOS device; and have a locally-issued Visa, Mastercard, or Maestro card that has been provisioned to Apple Pay. We are rolling this feature out progressively. Here is the list of available markets: Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Bulgaria Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Faroe Islands Finland France Germany Greece Greenland Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary Iceland Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Malta Mexico Monaco New Zealand Norway Peru Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia San Marino Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan United States, excluding NY and U.S. Territories (Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, Virgin Islands, Northern Mariana Islands) Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vatican City
Why did my order request fail?
 Here are some possible reasons: The price timed out. You have 15 seconds to confirm your purchase. Please note that the time required to confirm an order also depends on your network connection, so this may vary by a few seconds. Your order exceeded the purchase limit or it was below the minimum amount. You do not have any eligible credit/debit card in your Apple Wallet. Please add another card and ensure that it was issued in the U.S. Your card issuer declined the transaction. If all the above scenarios fail to describe your situation, or if you encounter any other problems with your crypto purchase, please contact our Customer Support Team via the in-app chat. You may be asked to provide the date, time, and approximate value of the transaction, so please keep this information handy. These details allow us to assist you better. 
What is the limit of crypto purchases via Apple Pay?
 Your crypto purchase limit depends on your Crypto.com Visa Card tier: Card tier Weekly limit No Card / Midnight Blue $750 Ruby Steel $2,000 Jade Green / Royal Indigo $5,000 Icy White / Rose Gold $20,000 Black Obsidian $100,000 The Crypto.com App can be displayed with your preferred fiat currency for your balances and transactions. The selected currency will also be used as the settlement currency for cryptocurrency purchases with a credit/debit card 
How to change my display and settlement currency?
 On the Home page, tap on Settings (upper left corner) Under Account, tap on Payment Currency Select your payment currency from the list Tap confirm
Which fiat currencies are available in the Crypto.com App?
 USD, GBP, EUR, SGD, CAD, AUD, NZD, HKD, TWD, NOK, SEK, DKK, CHF, PLN, ZAR, KES, BGN, RON, ILS, SAR, AED, HUF, CZK, TRY & BRL Crypto.com may charge an admin fee when you buy, sell or transact in cryptocurrencies.  Fees are assessed at the time of purchase and may be determined by a combination of factors including market conditions, certain promotions or promotional periods, volatility, and liquidity.  The applicable admin fee will be listed in the trade preview screen which will be surfaced before you submit your transaction. Please note there may be fees charged by your card issuer for international transactions or certain merchant category codes. Please check with your card issuer for terms and conditions. 
How does it work?
 Create recurring purchases of the following cryptocurrencies on a weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly basis on the App: BTC ETH CRO LINK BAND VET ADA XRP YFI AAVE UNI DOT XLM LTC DOGE ENJ COMP MANA KSM ALGO ZIL PAXG MKR MATIC SOL CHZ SHIB LUNC HNT CRV BAL SUSHI DYDX AVAX NEAR AURORA ATOM FTM KNC SNX VVS TONIC DAR AXS AR FIL ELON SAND EFI APE LDO CVX JOE QI CAKE XVS HOT ROSE ALICE GALA ILV STORJ GLMR MOVR 1INCH ACA BNT LOKA YGG GAL OP IMX FLOW PERP MC ENS BOBA METIS LRC AIOZ ICP HBAR KLAY ZRX GNO GRT NEO    Dollar-cost averaging (DCA) is an investment strategy in which an investor divides up the total amount to be invested across periodic purchases of a target asset in an effort to reduce the impact of volatility on the overall purchase. The purchases occur regardless of the asset's price and at regular intervals.  Recurring Buy gives App users the ability to apply this investment strategy DCA to cryptocurrency by creating recurring purchases of cryptocurrencies. Accepted cryptocurrencies to purchase Accepted stablecoins for crypto buy Accepted fiat currencies for crypto buy BTC, ETH, CRO, LINK, BAND, VET, ADA, XRP, YFI, AAVE, UNI, DOT, XLM, LTC, DOGE, ENJ, COMP, MANA, KSM, ALGO, ZIL, PAXG, MKR, MATIC, SOL, CHZ, SHIB, LUNC, HNT, CRV, BAL, SUSHI, DYDX, AVAX, NEAR, AURORA, ATOM, FTM, KNC, SNX, VVS, TONIC, DAR, AXS, AR, FIL, ELON, SAND, EFI, APE, LDO, CVX, JOE, QI, CAKE, XVS, ALICE, GALA, ILV, STORJ, GLMR, MOVR, 1INCH, ACA, BNT,  LOKA, YGG, GAL, OP, IMX, FLOW, PERP, MC, ENS, BOBA METIS, LRC, AIOZ, ICP, HBAR, KLAY USDT, TUSD, USDP, USDC AUD, EUR, GBP, USD
Payment methods:
 You can set up recurring crypto purchases using a credit card, crypto wallet and fiat wallet in the Crypto.com App. Payment methods may vary depending on regions. 
Maximum number of recurring purchases per month:
 100 per user  Daily set as everyday Weekly set as the day of the week Bi-weekly set as the day of the week Monthly set as:- First day of each month - Last day of each month- The specific day of each month
Minimum trading limit:
 $15 USD worth of crypto 
Credit card purchase monthly limit
 Staked level Monthly limit Midnight Blue or below 1000 USD Ruby Steel 2000 USD Jade Green/Royal Indigo 5000 USD Icy White/Rose Gold 20 000 USD Obsidian 40 000 USD
When will the credit card purchase monthly limit be reset?
 The monthly limit will be reset at the end of the first day of each month. 
When will the scheduled purchase be executed?
 A pending transaction will be created at the time of scheduling and the scheduled purchase will be executed by the end of the day in the user's local time. 
Can I set the exact amount of crypto that I want to purchase?
 You can only set the amount of the scheduled purchase in USD equivalent.  The amount of crypto you’ll receive will be based on the rate at the time the scheduled purchase is executed. 
How to cancel a recurring purchase?
 Click on the "Super Button", then on "Recurring Buy", afterward, on "Schedule Details" and then on "Cancel Schedule".  Once the steps are completed, confirm the cancellation.  If your first purchase is on the date of creation then it will be charged immediately and it can not be canceled.  Your first purchase can only be canceled within 7 days from the schedule creation date.  Example: I set up my first weekly purchase on Monday, schedule is set to purchase on Saturday of every week, it will be charged on Saturday and I can only cancel the first purchase before Saturday.  If your first purchase is set to date more than 7 days from the schedule creation date, it will be charged on the 8th day from the creation date and it can only be canceled before the 8th day.  Example: I set up my first monthly purchase on 1 July, the schedule is set to purchase on the last day of every month, to be executed on 31 July,  my credit card will be charged on 8 July and I can only cancel the first purchase within 1- 8 July. 
Subsequent purchases
 For subsequent purchases, the payment will be charged on the scheduled date and you can cancel anytime before the execution date. 
How is the maximum number of recurring purchases per month calculated?
 Given the weekly occurrence could be different in each month, to ensure each weekly/bi-weekly purchase happens every time under the monthly limit, we assume the weekly occurrence of each month is 5 when determining the usage of weekly purchase. When creating a weekly recurring purchase, the purchase amount has to be less or equal than the remaining monthly purchase limit / 5 occurrences When creating a bi-weekly recurring purchase, the purchase amount has to be less or equal than the remaining monthly purchase limit / 3 occurrences When creating a monthly recurring purchase, the purchase amount has to be less or equal to the remaining monthly purchase limit Let’s assume the following: For a 25000 CRO staked user, the monthly purchase limit is $5000 USD Example A - Create a recurring purchase of BTC with $100 USD on a weekly basis Max weekly purchase limit: $5000 / 5 = $1000 Monthly purchase limit remaining after creation of purchase: $5000 - ( $100 x 5 ) = $4500 Example B - Create a recurring purchase of ETH with $200 USD every two weeks Given you have created a weekly recurring purchase of BTC with $100 USD, the monthly limit remaining will be $4500 Max bi-weekly purchase limit remaining: $4500 / 3 = $1500 Monthly purchase limit remaining after creation of purchase: $4500 - ( $200 x 3 ) = $3900 Example C - Create a recurring purchase of CRO with $1400 USD every month Given you have created two recurring purchases, the monthly limit remaining will be $3900 Monthly purchase limit remaining: $3900 Monthly purchase limit remaining after creation of purchase: $3900 - $1400 = $2500 Example D - Cancelled all scheduled purchases before next purchase Monthly purchase limit remaining after cancellation: $2500 + total amount of scheduled recurring purchase = $2500 + $2500 = $5000 Example E - Cancelled all scheduled purchases after first purchase happened Monthly purchase limit remaining after cancellation: $5000 - total amount of successful purchase of that month = $5500 - ( $100 + 200 + $1400 ) = $3800
Crypto Credit gives App users spending power by enabling them to monetize their crypto assets without the need to sell it.
 NO fixed repayment schedule NO monthly late fees or deadlines Repay any amount, at any time, in the 12 months upon the start of the credit term.
How to participate?
 Tap on Credit in the Super App Menu  2.  In the App’s Crypto Credit screen, select the cryptocurrency (BTC, CRO, XRP, ETH, LTC, EOS, XLM, ADA, ALGO, ATOM, VET, LINK, WBTC, DOT, XTZ, FIL, MATIC, DAI, PAXG, BCH, UNI, AVAX, SOL, ENJ, SAND, HNT, ONE and NEAR) you wish to deposit as collateral and key in the amount. 3.  It will then show the amount of credit you can receive in a stablecoin of your choice (TUSD, USDP, USDC or USDT). 4.  Once confirmed, the loan sum will be credited and ready for use immediately. 5.  When the loan and interest incurred is repaid, the collateral will be deposited back into your crypto wallet. 
Who can participate in Crypto Credit?
 Crypto.com App-approved users except for citizens and residents of Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Hong Kong SAR, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Malta, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, or the United States of America. 
What is the APR?
 With CRO Tokens staked, Users can enjoy a lower annual interest rate (APR):  With Royal Indigo/Jade Green or above With Ruby Steel or below Annual Interest APR 8% p.a. 12% p.a.
What is Loan-to-Value (LTV) Ratio?
 A Loan-to-Value (LTV) ratio is an indicator representing the size of a loan compared to the value of the assets securing the loan. (e.g. if your loan’s outstanding balance is $5,000 and the value of your BTC collateral securing the loan is $10,000, the LTV ratio is 5,000 ÷ 10,000 = 50%.) 
How is the LTV ratio calculated after the loan has been granted?
 (Total unpaid value of principal + Total unpaid interest) / Collateral Market Value 
What is ‘Collateral Health’?
 Collateral Health indicates whether your collateral is at risk of being liquidated, based on your current Loan-to-Value (LTV) ratio. The different Collateral Health thresholds are as follows:  If your Collateral Health reaches the Poor/Critical threshold, a Margin Call will be triggered to notify you to rebalance your loan by depositing additional collateral or making a repayment.  When the LTV goes beyond the 85% threshold, 100% of your collateral will be liquidated. 
What is a Margin Call?
 If the value of your collateral falls below a certain threshold (and as a consequence, your LTV ratio rises above a certain amount), you will be notified and prompted to rebalance your loan by depositing additional collateral or make repayment as described above. 
How do I rebalance my loan?
 You can choose between the following options to resume the status of a ‘Good’ Collateral Health Depositing additional collateral (Top-up your collateral) Making a repayment
When is the daily interest charged?
 The interest is charged at 12:00 A.M. UTC. 
How is the daily interest calculated?
 APR/365 (or 366 in a leap year). 
Is there a minimum and maximum loan amount I can secure?
 For users in eligible jurisdictions, the minimum loan amount is USD 100 worth of TUSD/USDP/USDC/USDT. The maximum loan amount is USD 1,000,000 worth of TUSD/USDP/USDC/USDT. 
Will I require a certain credit score to secure a loan?
 No credit scores are required. 
Can I repay the loan in a different currency?
 Repayment needs to be made in the same currency as the one you received as credit, i.e. you choose to receive the loan in TUSD, your repayment will be made in TUSD. 
What happens if I don’t meet my loan repayment after 12 months?
 Crypto.com will liquidate your collateral. 
When and how will I get my collateral back when I’ve repaid my loan with no outstanding balance?
 Your collateral will be automatically deposited back into your crypto wallet when there is no outstanding balance. 
Can I take out two loans (or more) at a time?
 No. You can only take out one loan at a time. 
Can I top up my collateral to secure a larger loan amount?
 No. You can’t top it up after you’ve secured a loan. If you wish to secure a larger loan, you will need to complete repayment of your existing loan before proceeding to a new one. 
What happens when the APR or LTV Ratio changes?
 The existing loan will follow the previous terms, and new loans will adhere to the new terms.  Fiat withdrawals to a personal bank account are now available with TUSD and USDP, please refer to the details here. Allocate your preferred crypto into Crypto Earn to start accruing rewards daily to grow your crypto assets.  Note: CRO allocations in Earn differ from CRO lock-up. Please refer here on how to lock up your CRO for the Crypto.com Visa card. 
Table Of Contents
 How to participate? Who can participate in Crypto Earn?What are the Crypto Earn allocation terms and annual rewards rate? New Rewards Rates Table (effective 1 June 2022)Can I make more than one allocation for Crypto Earn?Can I allocate different cryptos for different terms?What are the allocation limits for Crypto Earn?How are the daily rewards calculated?When will I receive the rewards?What currency will the rewards be paid out in?Where can I see the accrued rewards from my active allocation(s)?What happens when I upgrade my locked-up tier?What happens when I reach the end of a fixed term?How to withdraw from a flexible term? New Tiered Rewards Structure (Effective 1 June 2022) How will this new 3-tier structure impact users with existing fixed-term allocations in Crypto Earn? Examples Flash Rewards What are Flash Rewards? How do Flash Rewards work? Who is eligible to participate in Flash Rewards campaigns? 
How to participate?
 Go into the Super App Menu from the homepage   2. In the App’s Crypto Earn screen, select your preferred term and choose to make an allocation with: Available Cryptocurrency Supported Locations BTC, CRO, ETH, LTC, *XRP, BNB, BAT, LINK, *DAI, ATOM, BCH, VET, ADA, ENJ, ALGO, eGLD, MANA, MATIC, USDC, XLM, CELR, DOT, USDT, UNI, ONE, AVAX, SOL, *USDT, *USDC, *USDP, *PAXG, *TUSD, *TAUD, *TCAD, *TGBP All *XRP is not available in the United States*USDT, USDC, USDP, PAXG, TUSD, TAUD, TCAD, TGBP, and DAI are not available in Texas*USDP, PAXG, TUSD, TAUD, TCAD, TGBP are not available in Singapore  3. Once the allocation is confirmed, rewards will start to accrue immediately 
Who can participate in Crypto Earn?
 Crypto.com App approved users except for citizens and residents of Hong Kong SAR, Switzerland, Russia, or Malta. 
What are the allocation term options and annual rewards rate?
 There are three holding term options as follows: Flexible holding term 1-month fixed term 3-month fixed term Users can enjoy a better annual rewards rate when they have CRO locked up. Please refer to the Crypto Earn page for locking up amounts in other currencies (EUR, GBP, SGD, CAD, AUD, BRL).  CRO Lockup Amount USD less than $4000 USD less than $4000 USD less than $4000 USD $4000 or more USD $4000 or more USD $4000 or more Terms Flexible 1 Month 3 Months Flexible 1 Month 3 Months BTC 0.2% 1.5% 2% 0.25% 2% 3% ETH 0.2% 1.5% 3% 0.25% 2% 4% CRO 2% 4% 6% 2% 4% 6% DOT 1.15% 8% 11% 1.45% 10% 12.5% MATIC 0.35% 3% 5.5% 0.65% 5% 7% SOL 0.25% 2% 3% 0.4% 3% 4.5% AVAX, ONE, ZIL, NEAR 0.25% 2% 4% 0.55% 4% 6% ATOM, EGLD, FTM 0.35% 2.5% 4% 0.5% 3.5% 5% USDT, USDC, DAI 0.4% 3% 4.5% 0.55% 4% 6.5% Other tokens 0.1% 1% 2% 0.25% 2% 3% Note: *Tier 2 rates which is 0.5x the full rewards rate will apply for the next US$27,000 worth of allocations once your Tier 1 quota of US$3,000 is filled.  *Tier 3 rates which is 0.3x the Tier 2 rates will apply to subsequent fixed terms once your Tier 1 and Tier 2 quotas (a total of up to US$30,000 worth of allocations) are filled.  Crypto.com Private members will enjoy an additional 2% p.a. on all fixed-term allocations* Extra daily reward = Principal amount (in locked up cryptocurrency) x (Extra 2% / 365) / A / B A = Locked up cryptocurrency to USD exchange rate B = USD to CRO exchange rate *Not applicable for CRO 
Can I make more than one allocation for Crypto Earn?
 Yes. You can have multiple active allocations, as long as the limit is within the following USD equivalent for all allocations combined. CRO Locked Up (card tier) Maximum (USD equivalent) Obsidian $2 000 000 Frosted Rose Gold/Icy White $1 000 000 Below Frosted Rose Gold/Icy White $500 000 (e.g. You are currently locking up for Frosted Rose Gold or Icy White.  You can have 2 allocations for the 1-month term, 3 allocations for the 3-month term, and 2 allocations for the flexible term - a total of which does not surpass USD $1,000,000 equivalent) 
Can I allocate different cryptos for different terms?
 Yes, you can.  (e.g. you can make an allocation in TUSD and another allocation in BTC for the 1-month term, and one allocation of TUSD, BTC, and USDP each for the 3-month term). 
What are the allocation limits for Crypto Earn?
 CRO Locked up (card tier) Maximum (USD equivalent) Obsidian $2 000 000 Frosted Rose Gold/Icy White $1 000 000 Below Frosted Rose Gold/Icy White $500 000 ADA 250 ALGO 150 ATOM 12 BAT 400 BCH 0.35 BNB 2 BTC 0.005 CELR 12000 CRO 500 DAI 250 DOT 10 EGLD 2 ENJ 450 ETH 0.15 LINK 7.5 LTC 1.5 MANA 750 USDP 250 PAXG 0.1 TAUD 400 TCAD 350 TGBP 200 TUSD 250 UNI 12.5 USDC 250 USDT 250 VET 5000 XLM 450 XRP 450 MATIC 250 ONE 1000 AVAX 5 SOL 1 FTM 900 ZIL 6250 NEAR 75 For flexible terms, the rewards accrual will pause for a user if they have less than the following amounts, and resume once the allocation balance increases above these thresholds:  ADA 25 ALGO 15 ATOM 1.2 BAT 40 BCH 0.035 BNB 0.2 BTC 0.0005 CELR 1200 CRO 50 DAI 25 DOT 1 EGLD 0.2 ENJ 45 ETH 0.015 LINK 0.75 LTC 0.15 MANA 75 USDP 25 PAXG 0.01 TAUD 40 TCAD 35 TGBP 20 TUSD 25 UNI 1.25 USDC 25 USDT 250 VET 500 XLM 45 XRP 45 MATIC 25 ONE 10 AVAX 0.5 SOL 0.1 FTM 90 ZIL 625 NEAR 7.5
How are the daily rewards calculated?
 Rewards calculations take place at UTC 00:00:00 daily.  The fixed-term calculation formula for the daily rewards  Daily rewards = Amount allocated (in original cryptocurrency) x (annual rewards rate/365) [(e.g. If you’ve locked up CRO Tokens, opted for a 1-month term, and allocated 1 BTC, your calculation will be 1 x (4.5%/365)]  Flexible term calculation formula for the daily rewards  Daily rewards= Minimum Daily Balance x (annual rewards rate/365) [The minimum daily balance is the minimum balance for the users’ crypto-asset under Crypto Earn flexible term between UTC 00:00:00 and UTC 23:59:59 every day]  Note: Rewards for Flexible Term will start to accrue a day after you make an allocation. Annual Rewards Rate will change if you choose to lock up/unlock CRO in the middle of your allocation term.
When will I receive rewards?
 You will receive your total accumulated rewards every 7 days. It will be transferred into your crypto wallet and will be available for use immediately. 
What currency will the rewards be paid out in?
 The rewards will be paid out in the same currency as your allocated currency (e.g. if you allocate BTC, you will earn rewards in BTC). 
Where can I see the accrued rewards?
 You can see the daily rewards for cryptocurrencies actively allocated to Crypto Earn in the Crypto Earn home screen under ‘Total Earnings’. 
What happens when I upgrade my locked up tier?
 The higher annual rewards rate will be applied the following day to all existing terms for the remainder of the term. Crypto.com Private members will enjoy an additional 2% reward (paid in CRO) on all fixed-term allocations* starting a day after the upgrade.  *Not applicable for CRO 
What happens when I reach the end of a fixed term?
 Your fixed-term allocations will be automatically transferred back to your crypto wallet in the App.  *Please note that fixed-term allocations cannot be withdrawn before the deposit period has ended. 
How to withdraw from Flexible term?
 Tap on the "-" Icon (upper left-hand corner) 2. Select the crypto to withdraw 3. Input the amount to withdraw 4. Confirm the withdraw 5. Withdrawn crypto amount will be back to your crypto wallet in the App 
New Tiered Rewards Structure (Effective 1 June 2022)
 Tier 1 (Full rewards rate) - You will receive the full rewards rate for allocations less than or equal to US$3,000. The Tier 1 quota will always be filled first. The Tier 1 quota will be calculated based on the US$price of the cryptocurrencies allocated to Crypto Earn at the time of allocation and in the order that they are allocated.  Tier 2 (0.5x of Tier 1 rate) - Once your Tier 1 quota of US$3,000 is filled, the next US$27,000 worth of allocations will receive 0.5x the Tier 1 rate.  Tier 3 (0.3x of Tier 2 rate) - Once your Tier 1 and Tier 2 quotas (a total of up to US$30,000 worth of allocations) are filled, any subsequent allocations will receive 0.3x the Tier 2 rate.  Note: Tiered Rewards only apply to fixed-term allocations. Flexible terms will not be affected. Rates are locked at the time of term creation and will remain the same throughout the term’s duration. However, fluctuations in coin’s price that result in changes of the term allocation’s value will affect the calculation of your available Tier 1 and Tier 2 quota. For example: If on 30 June, you have US$3,000 of Tier 1 quota available and you allocate US$2,000 worth of BTC into a 1-month term, then you have US$1,000 remaining in your Tier 1 quota. If this BTC allocation is worth US$3,100 on 5 July, you will not have any Tier 1 quota remaining. A new allocation at that point will only be eligible for Tier 2 rates. If your BTC allocation has dropped in value to US$2,500 on 15 July, you now have US$500 of Tier 1 quota left.  Examples: Current Program ReceivingTier 1 (T1) Rates (USD) Current Program ReceivingTier 2 (T2) Rates (USD) Current Program ReceivingTier 3 (T3) Rates (USD) Remaining Tier 1 Quota (USD) Remaining Tier 2 Quota (USD) New Allocation Amount (USD) Rewards Rate for the New Allocation $0 $0 $0 $3,000 $27,000 $3,000 T1 $3,000 $0 $0 $0 $27,000 $10,000 T2 $0 $0 $0 $3,000 $27,000 $3,100 T2* $0 $0 $0 $3,000 $27,000 $30,200 T3** $3,000  $27,000 $0 $0 $0 $1,000 T3 $2,000 $27,000 $0 $1,000 $0 $1,000 T1*** *This single allocation amount exceeds the remaining Tier 1 quota, but does not exceed the upper limit of the Tier 2 quota. Therefore, the entire allocation is subject to Tier 2 rates. You can manually split your allocation into separate programs to optimise your earnings.  **This single allocation amount exceeds the remaining Tier 1 and Tier 2 quotas. Therefore, the entire allocation is subject to Tier 3 rates. You can manually split your allocation into separate programs to optimise your earnings.  ***If you have both Tier 1 and Tier 3 quotas available, the next allocation within the available Tier 1 quota will receive Tier 1 rates because Tier 1 quotas are always filled first.  There will be no changes to the holding term options (i.e., Flexible, 1-month Term, and 3-month Terms). Users can continue to enjoy better rates by allocating CRO, and Crypto.com Private users are still entitled to an additional 2% p.a. rewards rate on fixed-term allocations (paid in CRO).  The new tiered rates are only applicable to allocations created from the effective date onwards. While rewards rates for fixed-term allocations that were created before the tiered structure goes into effect remain unchanged, those allocations will count towards Tier 1 and Tier 2 quotas.  Examples: Existing amount allocated to Crypto Earn (Before 1 June 2022) Remaining Tier 1 Quota Remaining Tier 2 Quota New Amount allocated to Crypto Earn (After 1 June 2022) Reward Rate Received for New Amount Allocated US$2,500 US$500 US$27,000 US$400 T1 US$25,000 US$0 US$2,000 US$1,000 T2 US$0 US$3,000 US$27,000 US$3,300 T2* *The user will receive Tier 2 rates if the amount allocated exceeds the Tier 1 US$3,000 threshold. In this example, the user can first allocate US$3,000 to earn Tier 1 rates, and subsequently allocate an additional US$300 at Tier 2 rates if they choose to do so.  Note: Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3 rates will be based on the latest rates table. 
Flash Rewards
What are Flash Rewards?
 Flash Rewards is a feature within Crypto Earn that allows users to earn a promotional rate on a specified token. The Flash Rewards rate for that token will only be available for a limited time and users only have to lock up their allocations for short-term lengths (e.g. 7-day or 14-day terms). 
How do Flash Rewards work?
 Users can access Flash Rewards campaigns from the Crypto Earn screen. Each Flash Rewards campaign will have the following parameters: Campaign coin: The coin which users allocate to earn a promotional rate Campaign period: Flash Rewards campaigns are only available during the campaign period Term length: The lockup period for a given Flash Rewards campaign, which will be shorter than our usual 1-month and 3-month fixed terms (e.g. 7-day or 14-day lockups) Rewards rate: The promotional rate being offered Max allocation per user: The maximum that each individual user can allocate for per program Min allocation per user: The minimum amount that each individual must allocate to open a Flash program Aggregate campaign cap: A Flash Rewards campaign will be available for the duration of the campaign period until the total amount of allocations has reached the campaign cap
Who is eligible to participate in Flash Rewards campaigns?
 Flash Rewards is not subject to Tiered Rewards rules Flash allocations will not count towards the tiered rewards quota Users who have reached their tier 1 quota are still eligible for the Flash Rewards promotional rate Users are allowed one active Flash program at a time. Upon completion of the Flash program, users can open a new one if the campaign has not ended and if the campaign has not reached its aggregate cap Residents of countries in which Earn is not available will not be able to participate in any Flash Rewards campaigns (Hong Kong SAR, Switzerland, or Malta) Additional geographic restrictions may apply for certain campaigns Users must have successfully completed KYC verification and all other onboarding procedures specified in the Crypto.com App to be eligible. Users who have already reached the Earn allocation maximum are ineligible. You will receive your total accumulated Flash rewards every 7 days. It will be transferred into your crypto wallet and will be available for use immediately. The links provided above to helpful information are for reference only. Crypto.com reserves the right to cancel the campaign or amend the campaign mechanics or rules at any time at our sole discretion. By accepting the rewards, winners agree to the Privacy Notice of Crypto.com, which is published at https://crypto.com/en/privacy/global.html. In the event of any dispute, Crypto.com reserves the right to make all final decisions regarding the campaign.
What is Crypto.com Private?
 Crypto.com Private* is a set of crypto-related services and benefits tailored for our Frosted Rose Gold, Icy White, or Obsidian cardholders which include: 
Research
 Priority access to Crypto.com’s self-published research reports.  The research report will be sent together with the monthly newsletter which is exclusive to Crypto.com Private users.  Each month, we will write a “Feature Article” surrounding a special theme. While some other research reports (e.g. Survey, Data) will be accessible publicly through our research hub, the “Feature Article” will contain more in-depth insights and analysis and will only be accessible by Private customers. 
Inheritance service
 Assistance with estate handling related to Crypto.com assets.  No sign-up is needed. In case of the death of our users, beneficiaries should contact us, and we would advise the requirements based on the governing jurisdictions. 
Access to top industry events
 Crypto.com Private members can enjoy access to top crypto industry events, with priority access given to Obsidian cardholders.  Whenever there are event tickets available, users will receive an email with a form to fill in their information to obtain the tickets. 
Priority customer support
 Crypto.com Private members will receive priority assistance from our support team via in-app chat or email. 
Added Rewards & Benefits
 Please refer here for additional rewards & benefits for our Obsidian, Frosted Rose Gold, and Icy White cardholders.  For more information on OTC block trades of CRO, please refer to the section below:
Crypto.com Private - OTC
 Crypto.com Private Members* will have access to OTC block trades of CRO. 
Why trade OTC?
 For preferential rates on large-size trades of CRO. 
When can I make a request for an OTC trade?
 Monday to Friday, 09:00-16:00 HKT, excluding public holidays. 
How does it work?
 Have sufficient funds in your Crypto.com App CRO wallet Contact our support team via the in-app chat (during the period stated above) Request for the amount of CRO with trading pair** Price quote*** with a reference number will be provided Once confirmed, the debit and credit of the funds in your Crypto.com App wallet will be completed usually within 1 hour. ** Price quotation requires sufficient funds in the app balance at the time of the request  ***Price quoted has a validity of 3 minutes 
Which trading pairs are supported?
 CRO/BTC, CRO/USDT, CRO/USDC, CRO/PAX, CRO/TUSD 
What is the minimum amount per trade?
 USD 100,000 equivalent 
What is the maximum number of requests for a price quote?
 3 times for the same trading pair per hour 
Can funds be debited from my Exchange account?
 OTC service is offered exclusively for our Wallet App users, therefore funds will strictly be debited and credited to the user’s app balance.  Please refer here to how to transfer funds from the Exchange to the App instantly and without fees.  *To enjoy the Crypto.com Private membership, users are required to be Frosted Rose Gold, Icy White, or Obsidian cardholders in the Crypto.com App.
What is Supercharger?
 The Supercharger is a simple, flexible, and secure rewards platform that allows users to stake tokens (with the option to withdraw at any time) in order to earn the most popular crypto on the Crypto.com Exchange and Crypto.com App. 
Who can participate in a Supercharger event?
 Crypto.com App users outside of Hong Kong SAR, Mainland China, Russia and the USA.  Any verified Crypto.com Exchange user (Level: Starter or Advanced) is eligible to participate in the Supercharger events. 
How do I participate?
 Open the Crypto.com App Look for the Supercharger banner on the home screen or the Super App menu. Click into the latest Supercharger Event by clicking on “Learn More” Select “Charge Now” Select a supported cryptocurrency from your Crypto Wallet and enter the amount you like to stake into the pool. Once the charging period for the event is over, accept the reward amount allocated to you. Wait for rewards to be distributed on the Crypto.com Exchange or your App Wallet, depending on what you have selected. Login to Crypto.com Exchange Navigate to the Supercharger page Click into the Supercharger event Stake* to the pool by clicking “Charge Now” Accept Reward amount allocated to you Wait for rewards to be distributed** *Multiple stakes are allowed per user. Stakes must be from the user’s Crypto.com Exchange spot trading account or Crypto.com App's crypto wallet. Minimum 100 CRO per stake  **Once the Charging Period for the event is over, accept the Reward terms, and receive rewards (evenly distributed over 10, 30, or 45 days) based on your rewards score. The rewards will be automatically deposited into your spot trading account on Crypto.com Exchange or your App Wallet. 
How does it work?
 When a Supercharger event is in the “Charging Period”, users can stake and withdraw tokens from the rewards pool as often as they wish.  The Reward Period begins after accepting the Reward terms during the Acceptance Period. Users' rewards are based on the rewards score they accumulated during the Charging Period. Rewards are distributed evenly on a daily basis during the Reward Period.  Users can withdraw their crypto from the rewards pool at any time after the distribution. If the CRO is not withdrawn within the given timeframe it will be automatically placed for the next event.  Duration: 10 - 45 days depending on the event Minimum Stake: 100 CRO per stake Stake & Withdrawal limits: Unlimited Stake from: Crypto.com Exchange spot wallet, Crypto.com App crypto wallet  Acceptance Period*:  Immediately after the Charging period ends, we will determine your rewards score and reward tokens according to the terms set out above. Once this is confirmed, you have the option to accept it anytime before the Reward period ends.  *If you fail to accept your reward distribution before distribution begins, you will lose that portion of the reward scheduled to be distributed.  *App users can accept their allocation in the Crypto.com App  Duration: 30 or 45 days (after Charging Period ends) Total Reward amount: Pro-rata based on user's share of the total rewards pool Reward distribution frequency: Daily Reward amount daily: Total reward divided by 30 or 45 Distributed to: Crypto.com App or Crypto.com Exchange spot wallet, whichever platform you staked to*  *Reward delivery to the Crypto.com App starts from 2022-02-21 08:00:00 UTC; any events that had a reward acceptance period prior to this date will have rewards delivered to Exchange only 
Calculating your Rewards Score & Reward
 Note: If your CRO balance is below a minimum amount, you will not be eligible to receive a reward. This minimum amount may be different for each event and is determined by factors including the amount of CRO you have staked for the event, the staking duration, duration of the event, and size of the pool.   Throughout the Charging Period, hourly snapshots of the rewards pool and crypto provided by each user are logged.  Note: Formulas below are based on these hourly snapshots, but snapshots of the rewards pool cannot be manually done by the user since this is done every hour of every day of the event. Rewards score = A / B A: User’s total stake across the event duration B:  Total pool size across the event duration  *The hourly snapshots are inputs for A and B  For a 30 day event, the user stakes 100 CRO from day 1 to day 10 for 24 hours per day.  They withdraw her 100 CRO and from day 11 to day 20 is providing 0 CRO.  They stake 200 CRO for 10 hours per day from day 21 to day 30. User’s average stake across the event duration =  (100 CRO*10 days*24 hours)+(0 CRO*10 days*24 hours)+(200 CRO*10 days*10 hours) = 44,000 Note: Users would not be able to calculate the total pool size on their own as this is based on hourly snapshots of the Supercharger pool size; the example provided below is only for reference based on a simple assumption that the pool size is the same every day (although, in reality, this is usually not the case)  The pool size is 4,400,000 CRO every hour of every day of the 30-day event. Total pool size across the event duration = 4,400,000 CRO*30 days*24 hours = 3,168,000,000 Step 4: Rewards score and final rewards Rewards score = 44,000  / 3,168,000,000 = 0.0014% Calculating rewards: If total reward pool is 10,000,000 LUNA → 0.0014%*10,000,000 = 138.89 LUNA coins awarded to the user
Accepting your rewards
 Immediately after the Charging period ends, we will determine your rewards Score and LUNA reward according to the above terms. Once confirmed, you have the option to accept it anytime before the Acceptance and Reward Period ends.  To accept your reward, log in to your Crypto.com Exchange/App account and go to the Supercharger page.  Your total reward will be divided and distributed to you daily over the Reward Period.  To ensure that you receive the full reward amount, you must accept your allocation before the Reward Period begins.  If you fail to accept your reward allocation before the Reward Period begins, you will lose the portion of the reward that was scheduled to be distributed to you during the start of the Reward Period. If this happens, you are still entitled to the remaining portion of your reward, as long as you log in to the Exchange/App and accept your allocation during the Reward Period. 
Is there a limit on how much I can contribute?
 The minimum stake is 100 CRO. There is no maximum limit on how much you can contribute to the event, you can stake as many times as you would like during the Charging Period.
How to withdraw from a Supercharger event?
 You can withdraw your contribution (partially or fully) at any time from the Supercharger pool. Login to Crypto.com App or Crypto.com Exchange Navigate to the Supercharger event from your accounts tab (Crypto.com App) or dashboard (Crypto.com Exchange) Click on “-” sign to withdraw your contribution. 
How does it work?
 Share your referral link The referred person gets Sign Up-Bonus ($25 USD* in CRO locked in their CRO Wallet), once they sign-up, pass KYC verification, and stake CRO for a Crypto.com Visa Card You get $25 USD* in CRO in your CRO Wallet instantly once the referred person has placed the stake and has successfully ordered a Metal (Ruby Steel or above) Crypto.com Visa Card.
Where is my referral link?
 Go to your Rewards page via the Super App Menu, tap on the “Lion” icon Tap on Referral Bonus balance “See Details” Tap on “Share Now” next to your referral code
How to get the $25 bonus?
 Your referrals have to stake CRO (Metal Crypto.com Visa Card Reservation) to unlock their sign-up bonus and for you to receive your referral bonus. They may purchase the CRO in-app via Credit/Debit Card, Crypto Wallet, or Bank Transfer.  Note: The equivalent USD:CRO rate is calculated based on your referrals’ sign-up bonus unlock time (when they complete a valid transaction). While your referrals’ USD:CRO rate is calculated based on the sign-up bonus lock time when they register to the referral program successfully. 
How do my referrals register for the sign-up bonus successfully?
  Submit email via a referral link (Example: platinum.crypto.com/r/REFERRAL_CODE) Download Crypto.com App on App Store or Google Play Sign up with the submitted email Confirm email via Crypto.com App within 72 hours after email submission via       Referral Link Web Portal Continue KYC verification by submitting a phone number, confirming it and submitting identification documents KYC verification success. Receive email and push notification for receiving referral bonus. See the locked sign-up bonus on the Rewards page via the Home Screen gift icon or Lion  Button Rewards tab Note: If your referrals fail to confirm email via Crypto.com App within 72 hours after email submission via Referral Link Web Portal, the referral registration would be invalid and they’ll have to re-submit email again via Web Portal or follow option B.  Note: If the referrer has not completed their KYC verification, their code will not be eligible for referrals.  Download Crypto.com App on App Store or Google Play Tap on “Invited? Add Referral Code” above the “Sign Up” button Add the shared referral code or the code embedded within the referral link URL: https://platinum.crypto.com/r/REFERRAL_CODE Submit and confirm your email. Referral submission success Continue KYC verification by submitting a phone number, confirming it, and submitting an identification document. KYC verification success Receive email and push notification for receiving a referral bonus See the locked sign-up bonus on the Rewards page via the Home Screen gift icon or Lion Button Rewards tab Note: If your referrals fail to enter the referral code on the App sign-up screen, the referral code can be added via App Settings -> Referral Code, within 5 days from having their account KYC approved.  Enabling Anti-Phishing code is recommended to help identify whether emails are legitimately from the Crypto.com App. 
What if I’ve already set an anti-phishing code on my Crypto.com Exchange which is connected to my Crypto.com App Account?
 Your app emails will automatically include the same anti-phishing code. If you change your anti-phishing code on either platform it will be reflected on both the Crypto.com App and Exchange.
Which Crypto.com emails will include my anti-phishing code?
 Once it is enabled in your App’s security settings, all emails from the Crypto.com App and Exchange will include the code. 
Where can the Anti-Phishing code be enabled in the Crypto.com App?
 Go to your Settings. Under the Security section, you will see the button to Anti-Phishing Code.  2. A screen will appear and provide you with more details. Below are steps to help you setup an Anti-Phishing Code. 
Setup Anti-Phishing Code
 Enter a unique code in the text field provided, this Anti Phishing code will appear in all emails from Crypto.com App.. Press the blue “Confirm Anti-phishing Code” button. Enter your passcode   You can also update/disable your Anti-phishing code on the same screen. We recommend updating your Anti-phishing code every 30 days.
What should I know before closing my account?
 Closing your account means your Crypto.com App Account, Crypto.com Exchange Account, and your Crypto.com Visa Card will not be accessible again. Please refer to How does the $50 close account fee work for my Crypto.com Visa Card for more information about the cancellation process and fee for your Crypto.com Visa Card. After you have closed your accounts, you are welcome to use our services again by signing up as a new user. We will not be able to reactivate your account after it has been closed.  NOTE: Please be aware that you'll be ineligible for any promotional offers for new accounts including the signup bonus from the BG25 Referral Program. In order to understand how we treat your personal data please refer to our Privacy Notice.
Do I need to withdraw my funds?
 Before initiating the process, please consider withdrawing or spending all remaining balances in your accounts.*  *If your crypto balance is under the minimum withdrawal limit, please contact our support team to assist in processing the withdrawals (where the amount can cover the withdrawal fee).  Here you can find more information on how to withdraw your digital assets: Crypto Withdrawals - General Information What should I know about Cryptocurrency Deposits and Withdrawals? How to choose a Network when Depositing/Withdrawing Crypto? And here you can find more information on how to withdraw Fiat: AUD: Fiat Wallet - AUD Withdrawal BRL: Fiat Wallet-Brazilian Fiat Wallet Withdrawal CAD: Fiat Wallet - CAD Withdrawal EUR: Fiat Wallet - EUR Withdrawal via SEPA SGD: Fiat Wallet - SGD Withdrawal via FAST Network GBP: Fiat Wallet - GBP Fiat Wallet Withdrawals via Faster Payment Service (FPS) USD: Fiat Wallet - USD Withdrawal via ACH You can find more information on how to withdraw funds from your Exchange account here. 
How do I close my account?
 Once you are sure you want to close the account and have brought your balance to 0, feel free to get in touch with us via the In-App chat option or the web chat. If you find email communication more convenient, feel free to contact us at [email protected] from your registered email address with the subject: Close Account 
How do I unsubscribe from emails?
 If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from us and you keep receiving them after the account closure, feel free to open the email you received and click "unsubscribe from the list" link in the footer of the email. You can also click "update subscription preferences" to adjust email preferences in the footer of the email. Please follow the steps outlined below to reset your Crypto.com App passcode. Note: For security reasons, users with a combined balance of more than USD $1000 equivalent will be required to go through the verification process with our support team.  The following message will be displayed for these users.  Please note that you will be able to continue, only when you enter the SMS OTP (one-time-password) sent to your mobile phone number and your date of birth.  Note: The app will be locked for 4 hours after 3 failed attempts The passcode reset email will be sent to your registered email address Please contact our support team if your app is locked, and your email address and/or mobile number have changed.  3. Tap Open Email. 4. Find the reset email and use the "Log In" button there.  5. Type in a new passcode. Period: 9 Nov 2021 - 30 Sept 2022 
CRO Mystery Box
   Each CRO Mystery Box costs 25 Diamonds, and these boxes contain up to USD 1,100 worth of the token.  How to redeem a Mystery Box: Go to the Missions feature and click the Store button Click Buy Mystery Box > Pay 25 Diamonds You will instantly receive a Mystery Box—click on it to reveal your reward!
Experience
 We’ve worked with our partners to offer unique experiences in the Missions Rewards Store. You can use Diamonds to redeem for game tickets, stadium tours, and much more.  Notes: Processing Time: Up to 30 business days All experiences are subject to availability Crypto.com reserves all rights for final decisions on the distribution of the items
Merchandise
 You can also use Diamonds to redeem for exciting merchandise offered by our partners, such as autographed memorabilia, jerseys, and more.  Notes: Processing Time: Up to 30 business days All merchandise is subject to availability Crypto.com reserves all rights for final decisions on the distribution of the items
NFT
 The Missions Rewards Store also features exclusive NFTs that can be redeemed with Diamonds, which we will airdrop to your Crypto.com NFT account.  Notes: Processing Time: Up to 30 business days You are required to create a Crypto.com NFT account in order to receive the NFTs Crypto.com reserves all rights for final decisions on the distribution of the items
How do I receive my Rewards?
CRO Mystery Box
 After you open your Mystery Box, you’ll be able to transfer your CRO Reward to your CRO Wallet in the App without fees.  How to transfer your CRO Reward: Go to the Missions feature and click Diamond Vault > My Rewards You will see your CRO balance Click Withdraw to instantly receive the amount in your CRO Wallet Go to your CRO Wallet to check your new balance
Experience, Merchandise, and NFT
 After you redeem your reward, you will be able to check the distribution status in your Rewards Vault. We will also update you via email.  Please sit tight and wait for more exciting rewards coming your way!  For more information about Missions, please visit: https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5555786-what-is-missions Updated: 19 August 2022
How does it work?
 The Missions feature rewards our loyal users with Diamonds that they can use to recover Rewards, such as Mystery Boxes.  You can accumulate Diamonds by exploring and using the Crypto.com App!
What are Diamonds?
  Diamonds are rewards that users can accumulate for completing various tasks in the Crypto.com App.  Disclaimer: Please note that Diamonds have no cash or monetary value and are strictly offered for loyalty rewards purposes only.
How do I accumulate Diamonds?
 Activate the Missions feature by tapping Get Started Complete your daily Missions to accumulate Diamonds Come back to Missions and use your Diamonds to recover rewards The following Missions are recursive, and the timer resets daily at 00:00 UTC. Mission Name Mission Requirements Status Check Open the Missions feature Quick Quest Buy/Sell USD 20 of crypto in a single transaction Volume Venture Buy/sell USD 500 worth of cryptocurrency in a 24-hour period. Notes: Only trades in the Crypto.com App will contribute to Missions (Recurring Buy is excluded). Trading Fees are excluded from counting towards contributions to Missions. The transactions between stablecoins and fiat currency are excluded from counting towards contributions to Missions. Target Price transactions are excluded from counting towards contributions to Missions. Crypto.com Visa Card top-ups are excluded from counting towards contributions to Missions. Users are required to complete the Status Check Mission to unlock Daily Missions, i.e., Quick Quest, Volume Venture, and Crypto Master. Daily Missions are recursive and are only calculated once Status Check is complete. It may take several minutes for a completed Mission to be processed. Note: Only users who activate the Missions feature are entitled to accumulate Diamonds.
Exploration Mission
 The following Missions can only be completed once: Mission Name Mission Requirements Double Defense * Add an extra layer of security to your account by enabling 2FA  Navigation: Settings > 2-Factor Authentication > Toggle on Enable 2FA Scam Shield * Protect yourself from scammers by creating an Anti-Phishing Code  Navigation: Settings > Anti-Phishing Code > Input your unique code Repeat Investor * Complete a Recurring Buy purchase of at least USD 100 in a single transaction  Navigation: Open the Super App Menu > Tap Recurring Buy and follow the on-screen instructions Target Hunter Buy crypto at your preferred price every time by setting a custom Target Price Alert  Navigation: Track tab > Bell icon > Select a token > Target Price Alert Market Tracker Get notified of important market changes by setting a custom Percentage Movement Alert  Navigation: Track tab > Bell icon > Select a token > Price Movement Alert Token Chaser Stay updated about your most-loved token by adding it to your favorites  Navigation: Track tab > Select a token > Tap the Star icon (Top-right corner) *If a user has previously completed one of the tasks above, they will not be eligible for the Mission.  Notes:  1. Users should Activate the Exploration Missions feature by tapping Get Started under Exploration Tab 2. Only the first successful attempt of the Mission constitutes a completion. 3. It may take several minutes for a completed Mission to be reflected.
Onboarding Missions
 The following Missions can only be completed once and are only available for users who have not already completed them Mission Name Mission Requirements Card Carrier * Stake CRO to reserve a Crypto.com Visa Card (Ruby Steel tier or above)  Navigation: Go to the Card tab > Select a card tier > Tap Stake Newbie Spender * Make a purchase with your Crypto.com Visa Card  (Minimum Transaction Amount: USD 5) Card Devotee * Upgrade to a higher tier for your Crypto.com Visa Card ((upgrade to Royal Indigo/Jade Green tier or above)  Navigation: Go to your CRO Wallet > Tap Upgrade Fiat Financier * Set up a Fiat Wallet in any currency  Navigation: Go to the Accounts tab > Tap Fiat Wallet > Select a fiat currency and follow the on-screen instructions Cash Stasher * Deposit at least USD 100 worth of funds into your Fiat Wallet in a single transaction  Navigation: Go to the Accounts tab > Tap Fiat Wallet > Transfer > Deposit > Select a fiat currency and follow the on-screen instructions Speedy Trader * Add your first credit card to your account as a payment method  Navigation: On the Home tab, tap Trade > Buy > Select a token > + Add Credit or Debit Card Gifted Spender *  Purchase a Crypto.com Pay Gift Card worth at least US$10 in a single transaction.  Navigation: Tap on Pay > Tap on Gift Cards > Select a gift card and complete the transaction Crypto Patron * Spend at least US$20 at a Crypto.com Pay Catalogue in a single transaction.  Navigation: Tap on Pay > Tap on a retailer on the Pay Catalogue > Select “Crypto.com Pay” payment option at the retailer checkout to complete the transaction *If a user has previously completed one of the tasks above, they will not be eligible for the Mission.  Notes: Users need to activate the Finance Missions feature by tapping Get Started under the Onboarding tab Only the first successful attempt of the Mission will count as a completion It may take several minutes for a completed Mission to be reflected
How do I redeem Diamonds and store them in my Diamond Vault?
 Diamonds accumulated from completed Missions can be found on the main Missions screen and are redeemable within 7 days. Be sure to visit the Missions feature and transfer your Diamonds into your Diamond Vault regularly, to avoid them expiring. Diamonds in the Diamond Vault never expire. Open the Missions feature Click Store Diamond in Vault (bottom right corner) The Diamonds will be moved to your Diamond Vault Now you can HODL onto your Diamonds! Notes: Diamonds in the Diamond Vault never expire.
How do I spend my Diamonds?
 You can use Diamonds to recover various exciting rewards.
CRO Mystery Box
 Each Mystery Box costs 25 Diamonds, and contains up to USD 1,100 worth of CRO!  How to redeem a Mystery Box: Go to the Missions feature and click the Store button Click Buy Mystery Box > Pay 25 Diamonds You will instantly receive a Mystery Box—click on it to reveal your Reward!
Experience
 We’ve worked with our partners to offer unique experiences in the Missions Rewards Store. You can use Diamonds to recover for game tickets, stadium tours, and much more.  Notes: Processing Time: Up to 30 days All experiences are subject to availability Crypto.com reserves all rights for final decisions on the distribution of the items
Merchandise
 You can also use Diamonds to recover for exciting merchandise offered by our partners, such as autographed memorabilia, jerseys, and more.  Notes: Processing Time: Up to 30 days All merchandise is subject to availability Crypto.com reserves all rights for final decisions on the distribution of the items
NFT
 The Missions Rewards Store also features exclusive NFTs, which we will airdrop to your Crypto.com NFT account.  Notes: Processing Time: Up to 14 days You are required to create a Crypto.com NFT account in order to receive the NFTs Crypto.com reserves all rights for final decisions on the distribution of the items
How do I receive my Rewards?
 After you open your Mystery Box, you’ll be able to withdraw your CRO Reward to your CRO Wallet in the App without fees.  How to withdraw your CRO Reward: Go to the Missions feature and click Vault You will see your CRO balance and Diamonds (swipe left or right to switch) Click Withdraw under CRO balance to instantly receive the amount in your CRO Wallet Go to your CRO Wallet to check your new balance
NFT, Experience and Merchandise
 After you redeem your reward, you will be able to check the distribution status in your Rewards Vault. We will also update you via email.  Please sit tight and wait for more exciting rewards coming your way!
Additional Rules
 You acknowledge that you have read and understood the Program Rules here (https://crypto.com/document/rewards_program_rules). If you are a Brazilian user, please refer to the following Program Rules: https://crypto.com/document/rewards_program_rules_br. Participation in this program and any redemption of Diamonds is optional. Users can only begin to earn Diamonds if they activate the Missions. Expired Diamonds will not be returned or credited to users. Diamonds cannot be exchanged for CRO directly. Diamonds are non-transferable or saleable to any other person and can only be used to redeem for rewards at the Missions Rewards Store. All redemptions are final. Diamonds will only be awarded for Missions that are completed successfully. When the Period ends, uncompleted missions will be regarded as forfeited. Unopened mystery boxes will expire after 7 days if not opened. Fraud and abuse relating to the earning of Diamonds in the Program or redemption of rewards may result in forfeiture of accrued Diamonds as well as cancellation of a user’s Missions Program account. Crypto.com reserves all rights to end this Program or amend any of the rules, missions, and rewards at any time without prior notice.
Features
 All Crypto.com Visa cards (that are exclusive to CRO token holders) are metal, beautifully crafted, offer CRO rewards, and much more to save Crypto.com App users a ton of money!  Please refer to Crypto.com Visa Card - Rewards for more details of the benefits for Crypto.com Visa cardholders.  Banks usually charge their most valuable customers hundreds of dollars per year for metal cards. Crypto.com is offering them to CRO token holders for FREE: NO monthly fee NO annual fee NO setup fee The only commitment our Crypto.com App users have to make is to own CRO tokens and stake them for 180 days.  Please follow the steps below to apply for your Crypto.com Visa Card. 
1. Sign Up
 Sign up for a Crypto.com Visa Card by downloading the Crypto.com App and completing our KYC. iPhone Android Note: The Crypto.com App is compatible with mobile devices only. 
2. Apply
 Once you've downloaded the App and completed our KYC, navigate to the "Card" page" which is located at the bottom right corner of the app.  Afterward, select your preferred card tier and stake the respective CRO equivalent. You can check the updated CRO staking rates here.  There are 3 steps required as follows:  a. Accept the Terms & Conditions b. Have sufficient CRO in your App wallet to stake them for 180 days' lock-up period.  Details on how to stake can be found here. c. Submit & confirm your delivery address.  Details on the proof of address can be found here.  Note: Users will receive a virtual card in the App, shortly after the review of the address documents is complete. A physical card (optional) can be requested to be delivered thereafter (card issuance fees may apply).  Please refer here for more information on the virtual and physical cards in the EU/UK and here for the US. 
3. Shipment
 When the Crypto.com VISA cards are ready to ship, users will be prompted to update the App and stake CRO, if they have not already.  The card status will be updated in the App, once all of the above steps are completed and the card is being shipped. 
Reference
 Further details relating to the Crypto.com Visa Card can be found here. 
Crypto.com Visa Card Issuing Status
 Once you’ve submitted your proof of address, keep checking back on the Card Issue Status on the card reservation page for it to change to Shipped, which means your card is on its way! 
Shipped - Estimated Delivery Time
 For cardholders in Singapore, it means that you can expect your card to arrive within the next 3-7 business days.  For cardholders in APAC, it means that you can expect your card to arrive within the next 9-18 business days.  For cardholders in the US, it means that you can expect your card to arrive within 7-14 business days.  For cardholders in the UK & EU, it means that you can expect your card to arrive within 7-14 business days.  For cardholders in Canada, it means that you can expect your card to arrive within 7-14 business days.  For cardholders in Brazil, it means that you can expect your card to arrive within 15-20 calendar days. 
When will I get my Crypto.com Visa Card?
 We began shipping our Crypto.com Visa Cards in Singapore, the United States, Canada, countries in the Asia Pacific and European Union. It's best to download our app, go through the onboarding process, select the Crypto.com card and choose to be notified by push notifications when the card is ready to ship. Restricted MCC Restricted Markets Code Description Included in this MCC 4829 Merchants classified with this MCC allow customers to transfer funds via an electronic funds transfer/wire transfer/remittance (both card-present and card absent locations including on the premises of the merchant and third-party agents such as casinos, truck stops, or check-cashing storefronts) or via an original credit transaction (e.g., via Visa Direct or Person to Person [P2P] payments). Wire Transfer 4900 Merchants classified with this MCC provide the ongoing generation, transmission, and/or distribution of electric or gas power or other utility services. This MCC also includes merchants that provide water supply system services and merchants primarily engaged in the collection and disposal of refuse. Electric Utilities Garbage Collectors Gas Utilities Public Utilities Sanitary Utilities Services – Electric Utilities Services – Gas Utilities Services – Sanitary Utilities Services – Waste Management Services – Water Utilities Water Utilities 5734 Merchants classified with this MCC sell computer software programs for business and personal use and may also sell or lease computer hardware or other related products Computer Software Programs 5947 Merchants classified with this MCC sell gifts and novelty items, greeting cards, balloons, souvenirs, holiday decorations, stationery, wrapping paper and bows, photo albums, and a limited selection of office supplies. Memorabilia, Souvenir shops Novelty Shops Souvenir, Memorabilia shops 6012 Merchants classified with this MCC  are associated with Financial Institutions for the purchase of merchandise or services from or the repayment of debts to banks, savings and loans, thrifts, and credit unions. For example, the purchase of checks, other financial products, or promotional merchandise, deposits, the funding of an account, the purchase or reload of a stored-value card, the purchase of foreign currency, non-fiat currency (for example, cryptocurrency), money orders (a negotiable paper-based remittance – not a Money Transfer), travellers cheques, and loan fees or financial counselling service fees. This MCC may also be used for merchants involved in repayment of a debt, loan, or credit card balance by a cardholder to the financial institution. Account Funding - Financial Institution Banks – Financial Institutions - Merchandise, Services Credit Unions – Financial Institutions –Merchandise, Services Deposits – Financial Institutions Merchandise, Services – Financial Institutions Mortgage Companies – Financial Institutions Purchase of Foreign currency, non-fiat currency (for example, cryptocurrency), money orders (Not Money Transfer) and Travelers Cheques –Financial Institution Loan Payments –Financial Institution Savings and Loans –Financial Institutions –Merchandise, Services Services – Banks, Credit Unions, Financial Institutions (Non-Cash) Stored Value Card 6051 Merchants classified with this MCC  are associated with the funding of an account (excluding prepaid card loads), the purchase of foreign currency, non-fiat currency (for example, cryptocurrency), money orders, or travellers cheques that occur at non-Financial Institutions such as currency exchanges or money order (a negotiable paper-based remittance – not a Money Transfer) merchants. may also be used for merchants involved in the repayment of a loan or debt if the entity that holds the debt is not a financial institution. Account Funding –(Non-Financial Institutions) Currency – Non-Fiat (for example, Cryptocurrency) Currency – Foreign (Non-Financial Institutions) Exchange – Foreign Currency (Non-Financial Institutions) Foreign Currency (Non-Financial Institutions) Lease Payments Loan Payments Money – Foreign Currency (Non-Financial Institutions) Money Orders – Not Money Transfer (Non-Financial Institutions) Mortgage Companies – (Non-Financial Institutions) Services – Money Order, Travellers Cheques, Foreign Exchange (NonFinancial Institutions) Travellers Cheques (Financial Institutions) Travellers Cheques (Non-Financial Institutions) 6211 Merchants classified with this MCC are licensed, in all jurisdictions, they sell into to buy, sell and broker securities, stocks, bonds, commodities, and mutual funds. Bond Dealers Brokers – Securities, Mutual Funds, Stocks, Commodities, Bonds Commodity Dealers Dealers – Securities, Mutual Funds, Stocks, Commodities, Bonds Foreign Currency Purchase Licensed Foreign Exchange Trading Binary Options Investment Firms – Dealers, Brokers Mutual Funds Brokers Stock Brokers 6300 Merchants classified with this MCC sell personal or business insurance policies such as automobile, life, health, hospital, medical, and dental insurance, homeowners’ and renters’ insurance, real estate title insurance, pet health insurance and flood, fire, or earthquake insurance. Automobile Insurance – Sales (Non-Direct Marketing) Health Insurance – Sales Homeowners Insurance – Sales Life Insurance – Sales Medical Insurance – Sales Product Warranties 6513 Fees charged by merchants engaged in the rental and management of residential and commercial properties, such as real estate agents, brokers, and managers, and apartment rental services. Such fees may include management fees, real estate rental commissions, and real estate rental payments. Real Estate Agents and Managers Rentals 6532 This MCC may be used only to identify Payment Transactions. A Payment Transaction allows Mastercard cardholders to transfer funds to a Mastercard account. A Payment Transaction does not reverse a previous Mastercard purchase transaction and must be authorized by the issuer Payment Transaction - Customer Financial Institution 6540 Merchants classified with this MCC  are associated with the initial purchase and/or any subsequent reloads of stored value cards (including Visa Prepaid Cards) occurring at non-financial institutions. Account Funding – (Non-Financial Institutions) Stored Value Card/Load (Non-Financial Institutions) 7372 Merchants classified with this MCC provide computer programming services, systems design, website design, data entry, and data processing services. Merchants classified with this MCC are business-tobusiness or wholesale provisioners of online or database information retrieval services. Computer Software Design Systems Design – Computer 8999 Merchants classified with this MCC provide professional services that are not classified with a more specific MCC. Appraisers Auction Houses Brokers – Mortgage, Loan Court Stenographer Financial Planners Graphic Designers Guest Speakers, Lecturers Lecturers Market Research Firms Mortgage Brokers Property Appraisers Public Speakers Real Estate Appraisers Research Firms 9222 Government entities that administer and process local, state, and federal fines and penalties, motor vehicle violations, and community or property assessed fines. Fines 9311 Merchants classified with this MCC are local, state, and federal entities that engage in financial administration and taxation including collection of taxes and penalties and custody and disbursement of funds. Customs Bureaus 9399 Merchants classified with this MCC are government entities that provide general support services to government and communities are not classified with a more specific MCC. DMV Department of Motor Vehicles Fire Departments Libraries Parks and Recreation Police Departments Crypto.com reserves its right to exclude any other merchant categories or channels not listed in the table above at its sole discretion.  Abbreviation Name US Crypto.com Visa Card CA Crypto.com Visa Card EU Crypto.com Visa Card SG Crypto.com Visa Card BR Crypto.com Visa Card AU Crypto.com Visa Card AFG Afghanistan ALB Albania     X  BIH Bosna and Herzegovina     X  BLR Belarus  X BDI Burundi X  MMR Burma (Myanmar) CAF Central Africa Republic COD Congo Democratic Republic CUB Cuba X ERI Eritrea X X  GNB Guinea - Bissau X X GIN Guinea, Republic of  X  IRN Iran IRQ Iraq X X LBN Lebanon X X LBY Libyan Arab Jamahiriya MLI Mali MKD North Macedonia     X  MNE Montenegro     X  PRK North Korea SOM Somalia SSD South Sudan SRB Serbia     X  SDN Sudan SYR Syria TUR Turkey    X  UKR Ukraine  VEN Venezuela YEM Yemen ZWE Zimbabwe  XK Kosovo    X QZ QZ*  * Countries and territories not specified for commercial or military reasons in the framework of trade with third countries Changelog:  Nov. 7, 2022, 14:00 UTC - AU Visa cards prohibited countries update Aug. 18, 2022, 14:00 UTC - RU prohibited countries update Jan 17, 2022, 13:30 UTC - BR/AU prohibited countries update Jan 10, 2022, 09:00 UTC - Added 9222 MCC for Fines Jan. 05, 2022, 11:30 UTC - Added 6513 MCC for Real estate and rental Oct. 27, 2021, 08:30 UTC - Visa Card restricted markets update Oct. 06, 2021, 14:30 UTC - CA Visa cards prohibited countries update Aug. 30, 2021 08:00 UTC - Restricted MCC Update Jun. 15, 2021, 06:30 UTC - CA Visa cards prohibited countries update Feb. 18, 2021, 17:00 UTC - US and CA Visa cards prohibited countries update Nov. 20, 2020, 07:00 UTC - MCO Visa Card renamed as Crypto.com Visa Card Nov. 25, 2020, 05:00 UTC - Minor language edits The Crypto.com Visa Card has added additional rewards that are designed to fit the needs of consumers who are always on the move. Building on the existing travel rewards of the Crypto.com Visa Card, which include free and unlimited LoungeKey™ Airport Lounge Access, interbank exchange rates, and no overseas fees, select cards will have: Your Travel - In Style: 10% purchase rebate on each Expedia (USD 50 equiv.*) or Airbnb booking (USD 100 equiv.*) Your Music:  Spotify. Get a 100% rebate for your standard subscription plan (USD 13.99 equiv.* / **) Your Movies: Netflix. Get a 100% rebate for your basic subscription plan (up to USD 13.99 equiv.* / **) Best Spending Rewards. Ever. Up to 5% back on spending, local or overseas, no minimum or maximum spending required. *Maximum 1 reimbursement per merchant per month **Merchant rebates from Spotify and Netflix will expire after six months upon card activation for users with Royal Indigo, Jade Green, and Ruby Steel card tiers.  From 19 March 2021 09:00:00 UTC, CRO Staking Requirements for the Crypto.com Visa Card will be expressed in local fiat currencies instead of fixed amounts of CRO. Please find the new CRO-equivalent fiat rates in the table below. Whenever you stake the required CRO for the higher card tier, you can enjoy varieties of staking benefits such as increased cashback, reimbursements, increased staking interest in Crypto Earn, etc., depending on the card tier that you've staked for.  IMPORTANT: Cardholders will lose their benefits if the stake is unlocked. The new Card Staking Rates will apply should the cardholder  (1)  upgrade their card tier or (2) stake or restake an existing CRO Card Stake after 1 June. Cardholders who stake CRO for a card based on the new fiat-based rates will receive the exact amount of CRO back when they unstake.  For example: a. A user stakes 5,000 CRO for a Ruby Card, when 1 CRO = USD $0.08 ($400/$0.08)b. When that user unstakes, 5,000 CRO will be returned to them, regardless of whether the price of CRO is higher or lower at the time of unstaking. 
Purchase Rebates - Details
 CRO Rewards are paid in CRO Token to your Wallet App. Transactions made under these merchant categories or channels are excluded from the CRO Rewards program: digital wallets, digital banking services, crypto exchanges, stored value products, money remittance services, security brokers/dealers, insurance sales, underwriting and premiums, tax payments, government services, financial institutions, POI funding transactions, quasi cash, money orders - wire transfers.  The CRO equivalent to the transaction amount will be deposited to the cardholder’s CRO Wallet, which will be reflected instantly with each eligible transaction.  The limit for the purchase rebates are as follow: Expedia: Up to 10% of each purchase with a US$50 limit per month Airbnb: Up to 10% of each purchase with a US$100 limit per month Spotify: Up to US$13.99 per month Netflix: Up to US$13.99 per month Amazon Prime: Up to US$14.99 per month rebate of the membership fee Purchase rebates will be reimbursed to the USD equivalent. The rebate cap is reset on the first day of each month. Card cashback will only be credited for the amount exceeding the maximum monthly purchase rebate. 
Important notes on purchase rebate (updated 23 Jul 2022)
 Existing Jade Green, Royal Indigo, and Ruby Steel Crypto.com Visa Cardholders who activated their Card before 23 July 2022, 15:00 UTC will enjoy the merchant rebate benefit(s) (Spotify, Netflix) tied to their current Card tier for six more months (until 23 January 2023, 15:00 UTC). Thereafter, cardholders will no longer receive CRO reimbursement(s) when spending with these merchant(s); they will instead receive up to 2% back when spending with these merchants, depending on their card tier. Private Members holding an Icy White, Frosted Rose Gold, or Obsidian card will continue to enjoy their existing merchant rebate benefits.  If a cardholder upgrades their Card tier or CRO stake, they will enjoy the merchant rebate benefit(s) offered with the new Card tier for six months starting from the date of the upgrade. The extension of benefits when upgrading applies to all new and existing cardholders who are upgrading above their highest previously staked card tier (refer to terms & conditions here). As noted above, if cardholder upgrades to Icy White, Frosted Rose Gold, or Obsidian, their merchant rebate benefits will not expire after six months.  Effective 23 July 2022 15:00 UTC, new Jade Green, Royal Indigo, and Ruby Steel Crypto.com Visa Card users will only be eligible for merchant rebates for the first six months upon card activation. Thereafter, the six-month rebate benefit will expire, and they will no longer receive the CRO reimbursements. This revision is applicable to all merchant rebates that cardholders are eligible for based on their Card tiers.  Notes: In the event, that a cardholder downgrades their CRO stake or Card tier during the six-month merchant rebate benefit period, the validity period for the merchant rebate benefit(s) available on the new card tier will not be extended. The six-month rebate benefit for new cardholders who sign up after July 23rd, 2022, 15:00 UTC is only applicable for cardholders who have not canceled any Crypto.com Visa Card previously. However, if the new cardholder chooses to sign up for a higher Card tier than the highest tier they previously held, they will then get to enjoy the six-month rebate benefit based on the new Card tier.
Increased % back on Card Spending - Details
 With an ongoing CRO stake, cardholders will receive the extra % back per card tier as follows:  Obsidian -                                  2% → 5% Icy White/Frosted Rose Gold - 1%  → 3% Royal Indigo/Jade Green -       0% → 2% Ruby Steel -                               0% → 1%  For Midnight Blue, cardholders will not receive any card rewards, CRO stake is not required. 
When Will CRO Cashback Rewards Be Paid Out On Purchases With The Crypto.com VISA Card?
 The Crypto.com Visa Card Cashback will be credited to your CRO wallet shortly after you've made an eligible purchase. 
Monthly CRO Card Rewards Cap
 Depending on your current Card tier, there is a maximum monthly cap on how much CRO Card rewards you can earn when you spend on your Crypto.com Visa Card. For example, if you own a Ruby Steel Card, your monthly CRO Card rewards will be capped at US$25.  There is no monthly CRO Card rewards cap for Icy White, Frosted Rose Gold, and Obsidian cardholders. Card Monthly CRO Card Rewards Cap (in USD or the equivalent amount in other local fiat currencies) Ruby Steel $25 Royal Indigo / Jade Green $50 Monthly CRO Card rewards cap (in USD or the equivalent amount in other local fiat currencies).  *Note: Monthly CRO Card rewards caps are reset at 00:00:00 UTC on the first day of each calendar month.  *Note: For Royal Indigo/Jade Green cards, the monthly cashback limit cap is $50, while for Ruby Steel cards it is $25. This applies to all users regardless of whether they have a live stake from before 1 June. 
Card CRO Staking Rewards
 CRO Staking Rates: 8% p.a. for Private Members with an Obsidian, Icy White, or Frosted Rose Gold Card; 4% p.a. for Jade Green or Royal Indigo cardholders; The rewards are paid on weekly basis. Cardholders with an existing stake (before 1 June, 2022 00:00 UTC will continue to earn Card CRO staking rewards at 10% p.a. (12% p.a. for private users) until their 180-day stake expires. Thereafter, the new rates of 4% p.a. (8% p.a. for private users) will apply.
Free Card Reissuance
 Until further notice, the $50 card re-issuance fee will be waived for cardholders who upgrade to the next card tier by staking the requisite amount. 
Icy White, Frosted Rose Gold, and Obsidian cardholders-  enjoy additional benefits
 A series of upgraded CRO rewards and benefits, together with Crypto.com Private, tailored for our Obsidian, Frosted Rose Gold, and Icy White cardholders*** This builds on our existing benefits for these cardholders which include up to 5% back on spending,  unlimited LoungeKey™ Airport Lounge Access with a guest, Airbnb, and Expedia rebates among other benefits. Revisit them here. The upgraded rewards for Icy White, Frosted Rose Gold, and Obsidian: 
Crypto Earn
How do I get the extra 2% bonus interest on Crypto Earn?
 1. You're actively staking for Icy White, Frosted Rose Gold, or Obsidian  2. Applicable for any non-CRO fixed-term deposits made after March 1, 2020 Please refer to Crypto Earn for more information, which includes steps to complete deposits. 
Amazon Prime
How does it work?
 Just use your Crypto.com VISA card to pay for the Amazon Prime membership, and get reimbursed in CRO afterward.  Please note that the reimbursement has a cap of 14.99 USD per month, so please choose the monthly payment option instead of the annual one. 
Welcome Pack
 We are currently completing the sourcing of this. We will be in contact when ready to gather the users' sizes. The process has been slowed by the impact of the virus on many production locations. 
Private Jet Service*
How does it work?
 *This is exclusive for our Obsidian cardholders.  With the Private Jet Service, you could unlock exclusive luxury privileges on your first flight with one of the largest private jet networks in the world (inc. Dom Perignon service).  Eligible Obsidian cardholders, please contact our support team to submit your booking request. 
Crypto.com Private
 ***In order to enjoy the Crypto.com Private membership, users are required to maintain the following CRO staking levels: Obsidian Icy White / Frosted Rose Gold How do I sign up for these benefits? Sign up for a Crypto.com Visa Card by downloading the Crypto.com App. Existing cardholders may be able to upgrade to a new card tier if desired. Do I need to change my current Spotify/Netflix plan in order to enjoy these benefits? Visit the respective sites and pay for your subscription with your Crypto.com Visa Card*. For existing users of Spotify/Netflix, go to the subscription and payment page to change your payment method to the Crypto.com Visa Card.  Note: Enabling International Usage may be required How do I get my rebates for payments toward Spotify, Netflix, Airbnb, Expedia, and Amazon Prime? And will I get it immediately after my purchase? Make your payment, as usual, using your Crypto.com Visa Card. Crypto.com will deposit the CRO equivalent of the rebate to your CRO Wallet. As the CRO equivalent to the transaction amount will be deposited to the user’s CRO Wallet, can it be immediately converted? The user may immediately convert the CRO Tokens into other cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies. Must a user make recurring subscription payments using the Crypto.com Visa Card? Yes, You should make the payment or change the current payment method to the Crypto.com Visa card for the subscription in order to enjoy the rebates. Will a user need to have a certain amount of balance in the Card Wallet for subscription purchases? (i.e. Must have US$20 equivalent in balance at the time of purchase) You need to have a sufficient amount in your balance for payment. *This offer is launched by Crypto.com independently and there is no partnership between Crypto.com and the merchants in this offer. Crypto.com has the sole discretion to modify this offer at any time. Rebates of the purchases with the Crypto.com Visa Card will be allocated to cardholders with CRO Tokens locked at their respective card tiers. An ongoing CRO Token lockup is required to continue receiving purchase rebates.  The CRO equivalent to the transaction amount will be deposited to the cardholder’s CRO Wallet, which will be reflected instantly with each eligible transaction.  The limit for the purchase rebates are as follow: Expedia: Up to 10% of each purchase with a US$50 limit per month Airbnb: Up to 10% of each purchase with a US$100 limit per month Spotify: Up to US$13.99 per month Netflix: Up to US$13.99 per month Amazon Prime: Up to US$14.99 per month rebate of the membership fee Purchase rebates will be reimbursed to the USD equivalent. The rebate cap is reset on the first day of each month. Card cashback will only be credited for the amount exceeding the maximum monthly purchase rebate. Please allow up to 36 hours for the reimbursements to be reflected in the Apps. Sign up for a Crypto.com Visa Card by downloading the Crypto.com App. Existing cardholders may be able to upgrade to a new card tier if desired. Visit the respective sites and pay for your subscription with your Crypto.com Visa Card*. For existing users of Spotify/Netflix, go to the subscription and payment page to change your payment method to the Crypto.com Visa Card.  Note: Enabling International Usage may be required Make your payment, as usual, using your Crypto.com Visa Card. Crypto.com will deposit the CRO equivalent of the rebate to your CRO Wallet. The user may immediately convert the CRO Tokens into other cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies. Yes, You should make the payment or change the current payment method to the Crypto.com Visa card for the subscription in order to enjoy the rebates. You need to have a sufficient amount in your balance for payment.  *This offer is launched by Crypto.com independently and there is no partnership between Crypto.com and the merchants in this offer. Crypto.com has the sole discretion to modify this offer at any time. LoungeKey™ Airport Lounge Access is one of the benefits that come with our premium metal Crypto.com Visa Cards: More than 1,100 lounges in over 500 airports are available. Free to our Obsidian, Icy White, Frosted Rose Gold, Jade Green, and Royal Indigo CRO cardholders. You don't need a separate card to use the lounge - your Crypto.com Card and boarding pass are enough to get you in. Note: This benefit does not expire after your CRO staking period ends 
How to get LoungeKey™ Airport Lounge Access?
 Activate your Crypto.com Visa Card Enable International Usage (Under Card > Card Icon in the upper right-hand corner > Card Settings) Activate LoungeKey™ by completing the online registration (via links below) Have enough balance on the Crypto.com Visa Card to cover the card validation transaction (see below) Present your Crypto.com Visa Card and boarding pass upon arrival at the lounge. Gain lounge access by declaring you are a LoungeKey™ Customer. Note: You can also enjoy LoungeKey™ access without presenting your physical card (excluding Singapore and non-Singapore residents holding Singapore-Issued Cards). Eligible users should follow the steps described above to register a membership. A QR code will be available on the LoungeKey™ app for your lounge access. LoungeKey™ staff can scan your QR code at the reception desk to validate your membership. 
How to activate LoungeKey™ Airport Lounge Access?
 For Crypto.com Visa Cardholders  (excluding Singapore and non-Singapore residents holding Singapore-Issued Cards): It is encouraged that you complete the online registration prior to your lounge visit and enjoy the digital membership card or QR code experience via the LoungeKey™ App.  For Singapore Crypto.com Visa Cardholders: It is mandatory that you complete the online registration (via links below) prior to your lounge visit.  Present your Crypto.com Visa Physical Card, and onboarding pass, and declare you are a LoungeKey™ customer upon accessing the lounge. The digital membership card or QR code experience via the LoungeKey™ App is NOT available.  Please visit the links below and follow the simple registration steps. You will need to submit your name (which should be matching the name on the Crypto.com Visa card) and your card number and go through a short demo - it’s that simple.  Obsidian, Frosted Rose Gold & Icy Whitevia https://www.loungekey.com/Metal-5000 Jade Green & Royal Indigovia https://www.loungekey.com/MCO-Metal Obsidian, Frosted Rose Gold & Icy Whitevia https://www.loungekey.com/cryptocomprivateus Jade Green & Royal Indigovia https://www.loungekey.com/cryptocomus Obsidian, Frosted Rose Gold & Icy White via https://www.loungekey.com/MCO-5000 Jade Green & Royal Indigo via https://www.loungekey.com/MCO-500 Obsidian, Frosted Rose Gold & Icy White via https://www.loungekey.com/cryptocomprivate Jade Green & Royal Indigo via https://www.loungekey.com/cryptocom Obsidian, Frosted Rose Gold & Icy White via https://www.loungekey.com/cryptocomprivateapac Jade Green & Royal Indigo via https://www.loungekey.com/cryptocomapac Obsidian, Frosted Rose Gold & Icy White via https://www.loungekey.com/cryptocomprivatelatam Jade Green & Royal Indigo via https://www.loungekey.com/cryptocomlatam Note: Crypto.com Visa Cardholders with existing  LoungeKey™ access, who’ve upgraded to a higher tier card will need to create a new registration from the respective portal for VIP users. New registration is also required if Crypto.com Visa Cardholders applied for a new card from other regions (e.g. changing from an EU Crypto.com Visa Card to a UK Crypto.com Visa Card). 
Which lounges do I get access to?
 LoungeKey™ Airport Lounge Access opens the door to more than 1,100 lounges located at over 500 airports. When planning your trip, you can check the lounge availability via the links listed above or by using the LoungeKey™ App. 
Is there a limit on the number of lounge visits?
 It's unlimited. 
Can I bring a guest?
 Obsidian, Icy White, Frosted Rose Gold cardholders may access the lounge free of charge together with one guest.  Additional guests will incur a fee of USD $32 per guest.  Jade Green and Royal Indigo cardholders may bring guests upon paying a fee of USD 32 per guest. Cardholders will be charged within 3 - 7 days after visiting the lounge. 
Is my lounge access free of charge?
 Yes, but please be aware that the airport lounge will need to put the following amount on hold to check if your Crypto.com Visa Card is valid therefore do ensure you have enough balance on the card. CRO cardholder only: USD $3.25 CRO cardholder with guest(s): USD $32 x (number of guests accompanied)(e.g. cardholder with 3 guests = USD $32 x 3 = USD $96) The held funds will be released within thirty days from the transaction date or converted into a settlement transaction for bringing a guest(s). Also keep in mind, that in order to validate your card, you will need to enable international transactions in the Crypto.com App (a slider in the Card tab).  If your card can't be validated at the lounge (error when swiping the card), two possible reasons are usually: Not having enough funds on the Crypto.com Visa Card Not having international transactions enabled Note: Any pre-authorization amount charged by LoungeKey will be released back to your card account in USD within 30 days. For cardholders holding a Singapore-issued SGD card (both Singapore residents and non-Singapore residents), the amount will be released back to your USD purse in USD within 30 days. 
What can I expect at the lounge?
 Airport lounges may offer different benefits and conditions during your stay. Some of them are located on the “Landside” (before the security/passport checkpoints), others on the “Airside” (past the security/passport checkpoints). Some are available in Departure Halls, others in Arrival. Larger airports may have multiple lounges available for our cardholders, located in different terminals.  Please make sure to check the lounge availability, conditions, and location via your LoungeKey™ app when planning your trip!
What are bonus Card rewards?
 You will receive bonus CRO rewards when you use your U.S. Crypto.com Visa Card at over 10,000 merchants. The bonus rewards are in addition to the existing CRO spending rewards that you earn with your Crypto.com Visa Card. Getting bonus Card rewards is easy—there are no coupons to clip, no codes to show the cashier, or promo codes to keep track of. Bonus rewards are powered by Dosh and are currently available to U.S. cardholders only.
How do I earn bonus Card rewards?
 Earning bonus CRO is easy and automatic. Just make eligible purchases at participating merchants. You can read the offer details to make sure you qualify for bonus rewards.  You can see all the current offers curated just for you in the Crypto.com App by going to Card Tab (bottom right of your App screen) > Bonus Card Rewards. Online offers must be completed through the Crypto.com App. Open the offer and tap the ‘Shop’ button to earn rewards. You'll be redirected to the merchant's app or website, where you must complete the purchase with your Crypto.com Visa Card in order to earn the bonus rewards.  You can also earn bonus CRO rewards at local businesses near you. Participating businesses in your area can be found in the Crypto.com App. Simply pay for your purchase with your Crypto.com Visa Card to earn your bonus rewards.  If Push notifications are enabled on your phone, you will receive the notification shortly after your purchase if it’s eligible for bonus rewards.  If a transaction qualifies for bonus rewards, CRO will be credited to your account in an amount based on the current CRO/USD conversion rate. This will normally be completed within a week, but may take up to thirty days.
How much CRO do I earn for using an offer?
 The amount of bonus rewards you can earn varies by merchant. You can check how many bonus rewards you can earn at a merchant in the offer details found in App. Remember to take note of any limits or exclusions in the offer details for each merchant.
Why are my offers different from my friend or family member’s offers?
 Merchant offers may vary by user or location—this means that the offers you see may change or expire depending on a particular merchant.
I made a purchase, but I don’t see any bonus CRO credited. What should I do?
 Please reach out to us via the in-app chat. If you do not receive bonus rewards for purchasing qualifying goods or services with your Crypto.com Visa Card or for performing other qualifying actions, please contact us within the following time frames: 30 days from the transaction date for in-store purchases and 90 days from the transaction date for online purchases. In your message, please include evidence of the purchase.  If you think you are missing bonus CRO rewards, contact us through the in-app chat for help.  Keep in mind that if your transaction is still pending, you’ll need to wait until the merchant completes it before you can receive your rewards.
How long does it take to receive my bonus CRO rewards?
 If the purchase qualifies for bonus rewards, CRO will be credited to your account in an amount based on the current CRO/USD conversion rate. Transactions are normally completed within a week but can take up to 30 days depending on the merchant.
What is Dosh?
 We’ve partnered with Dosh to bring you offers from brands you love. When you make a transaction with your Crypto.com Visa Card, Dosh checks to see if it is eligible for a reward. If the transaction is eligible for rewards, Dosh notifies us after the transaction has been completed. We will then credit the reward in CRO to your Wallet.
What information does Crypto.com share with Dosh?
 Crypto.com takes privacy and data security seriously. We take precautions to ensure the security of your data. We do not share personal information like your name, address, etc. We only share the data necessary to enable Dosh to provide the optimal user experience and facilitate cashback fulfilment. Dosh does not sell any of your data. Dosh only uses the data to improve user experience, provide rewards, and curate offers just for you.  For more information on the Dosh privacy policy, please view the terms of service here. You can also read the Crypto.com Privacy Policy
Why can’t I connect my Crypto.com Visa Card to the Dosh app?
 Since Dosh is already connected to our rewards program you cannot link the Card again in the Dosh app. Don’t worry, you can view all the same great offers from the Dosh app directly in the Cypto.com App. You can use your Crypto.com Visa Card to pay in over 40 million Points of Sale (POS) worldwide (look for the VISA logo) and countless online retail shops.  Bear in mind, the Crypto.com Card is a Visa prepaid debit card.  Some merchants may require a credit card transaction to use their services, among them chiefly hotels and car rental companies. You may also be required to use a credit card to apply for some subscription-based services (mainly online or mobile).  Please see Charges, Fees, and Limits Associated with the Crypto.com Visa Card for more information.  For compliance reasons, we have restricted the use of our cards for gambling services, cash advances, account funding, and payments towards financial institutions.  For restrictions in regards to our CRO rewards program, you can check our dedicated article.  Singapore residential address users holding Singapore-issued Crypto.com Visa Cards will not be able to perform transactions with merchants that process the payment outside of Singapore. The same goes for Singapore residential address cardholders trying to perform transactions to merchants outside Singapore on an overseas terminal. Additionally, Singapore residential address users can withdraw cash overseas, however, they cannot withdraw cash within Singapore. 
Where can I withdraw cash with my Crypto.com Visa Card?
 You can withdraw cash from almost any ATM worldwide that bears the VISA or VISA Plus logo. Please use this VISA ATM locator to help you find an ATM closest to your current location. 
Why was my Crypto.com Card charged more than I paid?
 Some merchants along with Crypto.com will preauthorize an amount that is higher than the actual purchase amount especially: Gas stations Hotels Car rental companies Restaurants & service-oriented merchants These merchants may estimate its final value and place a temporary hold on your Crypto.com Card’s funds for the amount indicated by the merchant. The available balance on your Crypto.com Card will need to be sufficient to cover this amount otherwise may result in being declined.  Until the transaction finally settles, the funds subject to the hold will not be available to you for other purposes. Note that Crypto.com may also preauthorize a higher amount for these services. We will release any excess amount when the transaction finally settles. 
Gas Stations
 Some gas stations may factor in additional amounts to cover the potential filling of the tank, which can be around $50-150.  To avoid such a hold, you may want to pay at the register inside the gas station, instead of paying at the pump. 
Hotels & Rental Companies
 Generally, these merchants place a hold that is greater than the actual charge to allow for any extra incidental charges.  It may take up to 60 days after your stay or your rental to have any excess amounts held by the hotel or rental company added back to your available balance. 
Restaurants & Service-oriented merchants
 Certain restaurants & service-oriented merchants may hold an amount that is slightly larger than the bill in the event that you include gratuity on your Crypto.com Card transaction. Accordingly, you should ensure that your available balance is 20% (or more) greater than your total bill before using your Crypto.com Card. 
Are there administrative charges for overseas withdrawals?
 There are no administrative charges for overseas withdrawal of cash if I keep within the cash limit of the card. 
Crypto.com Visa Card Limits and Fees
 All the card Limits (e.g. free ATM withdrawal, interbank exchange rate, top-up, or ATM withdrawal) and Fees can be found in the Settings, in the Fees & Limits section. There are differences between the fees and limits depending on your card’s tier (lowest limits for Midnight Blue and highest for the Obsidian), so be sure you’re checking the correct card tier.
How does Auto Top-Up work?
 The Auto Top-Up feature allows cardholders to automatically top up their Crypto.com Visa Card by selecting cryptocurrencies they hold in their crypto wallet, which are automatically converted into an eligible fiat currency of their choice and loaded on the Crypto.com Visa Card.  You can set the top-up amount of each Auto Top-Up and the card balance threshold at which the Auto Top-Up should be triggered.  Once the instructions are set up, Crypto.com will convert the specified cryptocurrency in your crypto wallet into the equivalent amount of eligible fiat currency and automatically add the fiat currency amount to the Card when your Card balance falls below the specified threshold after a purchase, withdrawal, or transfer. You can update or disable the feature at any time.  Note: The Auto Top-Up feature is not available to cardholders of the Canada Crypto.com Visa Card who have activated Spending Power. 
How to set up my Auto Top-Up instructions in the App?
 Please note that the following pictures are illustrative. Specific details, such as eligible fiat currency, vary by jurisdiction in accordance with local laws. Step 1: Select ‘Auto Top-Up’ at ‘Card Settings’  Step 2: Set the top-up amount and minimum balance  Note: Only your local currency can be loaded to the Card Step 3: Select one crypto as top-up source   Step 4: Confirm and complete auto top-up instructions  Note: Only your local currency can be loaded to the Card
What cryptocurrencies can I select for Auto Top-Up?
 You can choose any cryptocurrency that is available for manual Top-Ups or Auto Top-Up. For the list of cryptocurrencies, please refer to the below “How to Top Up my Crypto.com Visa Card” FAQs for your region. How to Top Up my Crypto.com Visa Card? (US) How to Top Up my Crypto.com Visa Card? (Brazil) How to Top Up my Crypto.com Visa Card? (Australia, including New Zealand residents holding Australia-issued Cards) How do I top up my Crypto.com Visa Card (Canada)? How do I top up my Crypto.com Visa Card (EU & UK)? How do I top up my Crypto.com Visa Card (APAC)?
Are there any limits?
 Below are the limits for each Card region:  Daily Auto Top-Up limit (refreshes at 23.59.59 UTC) Minimum Top-Up Amount U.S. US$500 US$20 Australia A$500 A$20 Brazil R$2,000 R$20 United Kingdom £500 £40 Europe €500 €40 Canada C$500 C$40 Singapore S$500 S$40 You can always add additional funds to your Crypto.com Visa Card manually should you have reached the daily Auto Top-Up limit, but please note that existing Card limits (i.e., max balance, load frequency) apply. Click here for more details. 
Why did my card not top up automatically after setting up Auto Top-Up?
 First, check if there are sufficient funds in your crypto wallet or if your Crypto.com Visa Card is frozen.  Once there are sufficient funds in your crypto wallet or once you unfreeze your Card, your Auto Top-Up feature will automatically fund your Card the next time its balance reaches the specified threshold amount after a purchase, withdrawal, or transfer.  If the problem persists, please contact Customer Support via the in-app chat.  ¹ For Singapore, Europe, and United Kingdom Cards, Auto Top-Up is only applied to the cardholder’s SGD, EUR, and GBP purse balance respectively, instead of the overall card balance. Once you have received your Crypto.com Visa Card, please complete the steps as shown below to activate it in the Crypto.com App.  *EU/UK cardholders, please refer to the steps here for card activation. *US cardholders, please refer to the following article for card activation.  Tap on the Card icon (lower right corner) 2. Tap the Activate My Card button  3.  Enter the 3-digit CVV on the back of your Crypto.com Visa Card  4.  Create and enter your card PIN*   *All EU, UK come with a preset 4-digit PIN.  This view-only PIN can be found under Card > Settings.  Setting a personalized PIN can be done at a VISA ATM.  SG cards have a 6-digit PIN, and it can be changed only through the App.  5. Top up your Crypto.com Visa Card to start using it. Please refer to the following for details.  Note: Once the physical card is activated in the Crypto.com App, the CVV and expiry date on your virtual card will sync and match the information on the physical card. If you have saved your virtual card details before at shopping platforms, please remember to update them.  Once EU/UK users receive his/her physical Crypto.com Visa card via mail,  the following steps should be completed for card activation:  Note: Virtual card does not require activation.  Please refer here for more information on the virtual card. Tap Card Icon on the top right corner Tap ‘Activate Physical Card’ Complete the identity verification Physical Card will be activated after the successful identity verification Note: Once the physical card is activated in the Crypto.com App, the CVV and expiry date on your virtual card will sync and match the information on the physical card. If you have saved your virtual card details before at shopping platforms, please remember to update them. Once you have received your Crypto.com Visa Card, please complete the steps as shown below to activate it in the Crypto.com App.  1. Go to the Crypto.com App and click on the Card icon in the upper right corner. 2. Click on the "Activate Physical Card" under "Card Issue Status".  3. Enter your new CVV 3-digits number to activate your physical card. 4. Set your PIN Number. 5. Confirm your PIN Number. 6. Top up your Card to start using it.  Please refer to the following article for details on how to do that: Note: Once the physical card is activated in the Crypto.com App, the CVV and expiry date on your virtual card will sync and match the information on the physical card. If you have saved your virtual card details before at shopping platforms, please remember to update them.
Will the card upgrade fee be waived if I upgrade my card tier?
 Card upgrades have worked normally during the short period of time when the EU & UK cards were suspended. There are no changes in the card upgrade process and fees. 
What will happen to my card in the event that Crypto.com switches over to a new card issuer?
 In the event of a change of card issuer, we will ensure that the transition is as smooth as possible for all EU & UK cardholders. 
My card status is currently “Issued”. Will I still receive my card?
 Card issuing in the EU & UK has resumed and all issued cards will be shipped in due course. 
My card status is currently “Pending”. Will I still receive my card?
 All “Pending” cards will be issued following the established procedures. 
I upgraded to a higher tier card while my original card was already issued. Which card will I receive?
 All cardholders who have opted for an upgrade will receive their new upgraded card. If you have requested an upgrade while your card status was “Issued” you may receive the previous card tier first, depending on whether we were able to stop the fulfillment of the first request. 
I paid my Netflix/Spotify subscription fee with another card during the Crypto.com Visa Card outage. Will I receive compensation for this one-time charge on a different card?
 Netflix/ Spotify subscription rebates are linked to your Crypto.com Visa card. If the payment was made with a different card you will not receive a rebate for them. 
How can I top-up my card with the previously refunded card balance if it’s below the minimum?
 Eligible top-up amounts are indicated for each top-up option. You need to ensure that the top-up amount you are sending is within the minimum amount displayed on the top-up screen. 
What will happen if I’ll request CRO unstake with my card being in either “Pending”, “Issued” or “Shipped” status?
 Users who request their CRO to be unstaked before their card was issued will not be able to receive a metal card. We will downgrade the requested card to the lowest tier that does not require staking - Midnight Blue.
Is there a fee for card upgrades?
 No. Card upgrades are free for all Crypto.com VISA card tiers. 
Can I use my previous card while I apply for a card upgrade?
 If you are holding a Virtual Card or a Physical Card that is not yet activated: When you request for a card upgrade on an existing Virtual Card, or on a Physical Card that is not yet activated, you will be issued with a new Virtual Card which you can use instantly for online transactions.  Upon issuance of your new Virtual Card, your old Virtual Card will be closed and you will no longer be able to use it.  Now that you have your new Virtual Card activated, you might want to consider requesting a Physical Card. You may do so via the Crypto.com app.  Example: Upgrading from Ruby Steel Virtual Card to Jade Green  When you request a card upgrade on an existing Ruby Steel Virtual Card, or on a Ruby Steel Physical Card that is not yet activated, you will be issued with a new Jade Green Virtual Card which you can use instantly for online transactions  Upon issuance of your new Jade Green Virtual Card, your old Ruby Steel Virtual Card will be closed and you will no longer be able to use it.  Now that you have your new Jade Green Virtual Card activated, you might want to consider requesting a Jade Green Physical Card. You may do so via the Crypto.com app. If you are holding a Physical Card that is activated: When you request a card upgrade on an existing Physical Card, you will be issued with a new Virtual Card which you can use instantly for online transactions.  Upon issuance of your new Virtual Card, your old Physical Card will be closed and you will no longer be able to use it.  Now that you have your new Virtual Card activated, you might want to consider requesting a Physical Card. You may do so via the Crypto.com app.  Example: Upgrading from Ruby Steel Physical Card to Jade Green  When you request a card upgrade on an existing Ruby Steel Physical Card, you will be issued with a new Jade Green Virtual Card which you can use instantly for online transactions.  Upon issuance of your new Jade Green Virtual Card, your old Ruby Steel Physical Card will be closed and you will no longer be able to use it.  Now that you have your new Jade Green Virtual Card activated, you might want to consider requesting a Jade Green Physical Card. You may do so via the Crypto.com app. 
Relevant Articles:
 How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (Australia, including New Zealand residents holding Australia-Issued Cards) How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (Brazil) How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (EU & UK) How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (US)  When you request a card upgrade on an existing Physical Card, you will be issued a new Physical Card.  Before you activate your new Physical Card, you will still be able to use your old Physical Card for all transactions.  Your new Physical Card will be ready for use after you activate it on the Crypto.com app. Once you activate your new upgraded Physical Card, your old Physical Card will be closed and you will no longer be able to use it.  Example: Upgrading from Ruby Steel Physical Card to Jade Green  When you request a card upgrade on an existing Ruby Steel Physical Card, you will be issued with a new Jade Green Physical Card.  Before you activate your new Jade Green Physical Card, you will still be able to use your old Ruby Steel Physical Card for all transactions.  Your new Jade Green Physical Card will be ready for use after you activate it on the Crypto.com app. Once you activate your new upgraded Jade Green Physical Card, your old Ruby Steel Physical Card will be closed and you will no longer be able to use it. 
Relevant Articles:
 How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (Canada) How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (APAC) No. After your card is upgraded, you will not be able to view the transactions or card activity on your old card. I have an existing Spending Power feature activated as a Canada cardholder, can I request a card upgrade? Yes, you can. However, you would need to deactivate your Spending Power feature on the Crypto.com app first, before we can issue you with a new card on the higher tier. Can I reactivate my Spending Power feature again immediately after my new card on the higher tier is issued? You can reactivate your Spending Power feature again only after you have received and activated your new card on the higher tier. If you reactivate the Spending Power feature before you receive and activate your new card on the higher tier, the activation of the new card will not succeed. 
Relevant Articles:
 Spending Power
How do I apply for a virtual card?
 Users may follow the steps here to apply for a virtual card in the US. 
When will I get my virtual card?
 Virtual cards would be issued once the review of address documents is complete. 
What's the difference between a virtual card and a physical card?
 Virtual cards can be used to conduct top-up & online spending while waiting for their physical cards to arrive.  POS and ATM transactions are not supported by virtual cards, these transactions require a physical card. 
How do I get my physical card?
 Tap "Get Now" on the card page after the virtual card has been issued 
Does the virtual card require activation?
 Virtual cards do not require activation. Users may use the virtual card instantly for online spending after top-up via the Crypto.com App.  Card activation is only required for the physical card upon arrival. 
How do I activate my physical Crypto.com Visa Card?
 The US users may activate their physical card with the CVV of their card 
Where can I find my virtual card information?
 Go to your card wallet Click the ‘Card’ icon on the upper right corner   3. Click ‘View Card number’  
How does card upgrade work?
 Users may follow the steps here to request an upgrade. Virtual cards would be issued after the relevant amount of CRO is staked. 
How do I use LoungeKey with my virtual card?
 Users will be able to enjoy LoungeKey™ access without presenting their physical card. Eligible users should follow the steps here to register a membership. A QR code will be available on LoungeKey™ app for your lounge access. LoungeKey™ staff can scan your QR code at the reception desk to validate your membership. 
Do virtual cards expire?
 Virtual cards will expire like a physical card, the expiration date will be available on the App along with other card information. 
Why are my virtual card's CVV and expiry date different than on my physical card's?
 Once the physical card is activated in the Crypto.com App, the CVV and expiry date will sync and match the information on the physical card. 
Can virtual cards be added to Apple/Samsung/Google pay?
 Virtual cards in the US can be added to Apple/Samsung/Google pay. 
Is there a fee to replace/upgrade a virtual card?
 A replacement/upgrade fee will be charged when users request a physical version of the replacement / upgraded physical or virtual card.*  *With the exception of users who don't have a pre-existing physical card and request a replacement/upgrade only for their virtual card. 
My virtual card was compromised, can I get a new one?
 Users can reach out to Customer Support to request a replacement virtual card. 
What should I do if the pop-up window does not contain my card information after I click ‘View Card Number’?
 Users should close the pop-up window and try to click ‘View Card Number’ again. It could take a few times to successfully load the information when the network is unstable.  Users should also ensure VPN is disabled and the mobile device is under good network connection when attempting to view the virtual card information. 
What should I do if I cannot see the ‘View Card Number’ option?
 Virtual cards will roll out gradually to users and an email notification will be sent when it's available to them. Notified users should download and install the latest version of the Crypto.com App.  If this issue still persists after receiving the email and installing the latest app version, please contact Customer Support.  
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via Debit or Credit Card:
 1. Go to the Card page2. Tap on Top Up3. Select Credit Card4. Tap on Add Credit or Debit Card    a. Input all required card information    b. Tap Add Card5. Input the top-up amount in USD 6. Confirm the transaction 
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via Crypto Wallet:
 Go to the Card page Tap on Top Up Select Crypto Wallet Select your preferred cryptocurrency for top-up* Input the top-up amount in USD or crypto* Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds) *Please note that not all cryptocurrencies may be displayed in the Top Up Section. 
Which cryptocurrencies can be used to top up the Crypto.com Visa Card?
 ADA, BTC, CHZ, DAI, DOGE, ENJ, EOS, ETH, LINK, LTC, MANA, MATIC, USDP, TAUD, TCAD, TGBP, TUSD, UNI, USDC, USDT, VET, XLM & ZIL 
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via Fiat Wallet:
 Go to the Card page Tap on Top Up Select Fiat Wallet* Input the top-up amount in USD Confirm the transaction Note: Please be aware that you cannot transfer money back to your Fiat wallet after you've topped your Crypto.com Visa Card. 
Which fiat currencies are available besides USD?
 Only USD is available for US cards. Visa exchange rates apply to transactions in other currencies. 
To send USD to another US Crypto.com Visa card user:
 Go to the Card page Tap on Send Select a contact from your phone Input amount to send in USD Confirm the transaction *For minimum/maximum limits, please refer to App -> Settings -> Fees & Limits -> Buy/Sell Crypto 
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via PayPal:
 1. Go to the Card tab2. Tap Top Up3. Tap on the "Credit Card" section to see the PayPal option4. Tap Connect with PayPal5. Input your PayPal account details to log in6. Select and confirm the preferred card7. Input the top-up amount in USD8. Confirm the transaction
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via PayPal:
 1. Go to the Card tab 2. Tap Top Up 3. Tap Connect with PayPal 4. Input your PayPal account details to log in 5. Select and confirm the preferred card 6. Input the top-up amount in USD 7. Confirm the transaction 
How do I set up PayPal top-ups?
 You can set up PayPal top-ups in a few simple steps:  1. Go to the Card tabpage 2. Tap Top Up 3. Tap Connect with PayPal 4. Input your PayPal account details to log in 5. Select and confirm the preferred card 6. Input the top-up amount in USD 7. Confirm the transaction Step 1 & 2 Go to the Card tab and tap Top Up. Step 3 & 4 Tap Connect with PayPal. Step 5 Input your PayPal account details to log in. Step 6 Select and confirm the preferred card. Step 7 Input the top-up amount in USD. Step 8 Confirm the transaction.  Please note that you must agree to PayPal Policies to set up your account in the Crypto.com App.  Once our team has reviewed your information and approved your application, you will be able to top up your Crypto.com Visa Card with your PayPal account. 
Who is eligible for PayPal top-ups?
 U.S. users (those who have a U.S. ID or driving license and phone number) with U.S. PayPal accounts can use PayPal to top-up their Crypto.com Visa Card.  You can only connect one PayPal account to your Crypto.com App account. 
What are the PayPal fees and limits?
 The fees and limits for PayPal top-ups can be found below: PayPal Top-Up Fees & Limits Top-Up Fee Daily Limit Monthly Limit Midnight Blue Crypto.Com Visa Card 2.1% USD 1,000 USD 5,000 Ruby Steel, Jade Green/Royal Indigo, Icy White/Rose Gold, Obsidian Crypto.Com Visa Card  2.1%  USD 5,000  USD 15,000
How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (US)
 Firstly, you will have to open your CRO Wallet in the App and follow the steps mentioned below. Tap Upgrade and follow the guided steps   Note: After your new virtual card is issued, you will receive an email from our team with confirmation and information regarding the transfer of your funds (if any) from your old Crypto.com Visa Card to your new one. 
For Crypto.com Visa cardholders with no CRO staked:
 Go to your CRO Wallet in the App Tap on the Stake button and follow the guided steps Confirm to have your Crypto.com Visa Card issued by tapping Upgrade  Note: Requires App Version 3.50 iOS/Android or later. The new stake will reset the timer and another 6-month period will start. Your new Crypto.com Visa card will have a different number.  Please update related payment information accordingly i.e. LoungeKey. You cannot upgrade your card if your submitted address proof is under review.  Please wait for the review to be completed before upgrading. Ensure that your existing Crypto.com Visa Card is not frozen. Funds from your existing card cannot be transferred to your new card if it is frozen.
For Crypto.com Visa cardholders with a NEW delivery address
 Please follow the steps above and contact our Customer Support team with the request for an address change. 
Relevant Articles:
 Crypto.com Visa Card Upgrade - Frequently Asked Questions  All US Crypto.com Visa Cards will be issued with a randomly generated PIN 
How to change PIN for my Crypto.com VISA Card?
 You can change your PIN through the Crypto.com app by following the steps below: 1. Open the Crypto.com App and go to the card section.  1 2 2. Tap the PIN option and select "Reset PIN" from the pop-up menu that will appear. 3. Verify your identity by entering your date of birth. 4. Once you enter your date of birth, your passcode will be required to reset your PIN. 5. Once you enter your Crypto.com App passcode, a Reset your PIN window will open as in the screenshot below: 6. Type in your new PIN in the Reset your PIN window: 7. Confirm your new PIN by typing it again.  6. Congratulations! Your new PIN should be now set. *Note: If you encounter any difficulties, please contact our support.
How to link your Crypto.com Visa Card to your digital wallet (Apple Pay, Google Pay, Samsung Pay)
 Go to your Digital Wallet App Select the option to ‘Add a new card’ Select your card type - Debit Card Add your Crypto.com Visa Card 5. Complete the information required 6. Complete the information required 7. Read and accept the Terms & Conditions 8. Set up completed 
Why does the card image in my wallet appear as the Obsidian Crypto.com Visa Card?
 This is due to a limitation set by our digital wallet provider, we are only allowed to use one card art for our digital wallet. 
What should I do if my Crypto.com Visa Card requires verification?
  Please dial the hotline on the back of your Crypto.com Visa card: Call Center Hotline: +1 888-824-8817 To verify your Crypto.com Visa Card for Apple/Samsung/Google Pay, please press ‘1’ A live agent will assist you with your wallet registration The agent will ask you to answer a brief series of questions to verify your identity as the Cardholder Once your identity is confirmed, the agent will inform you that your request will be escalated to a customer service specialist for further assistance The agent will inform you that the verification process is complete and you may terminate the call A confirmation email from "[email protected]" will be sent to your registered email address within 24 hours
How to turn off notifications from digital wallet(s)
 After logging into Apple Pay and selecting the Crypto.com card, tap the circle with 3 dots in the upper right corner Scroll to the bottom of thе screen Select the toggle button next to Allow Notifications Should look like the below when notifications are turned off
Turning off Google Pay alerts
 1. Tap the three lines in the upper left corner 2. Select Settings 3. Select Notifications 4. Select the toggle button next to ‘Purchases - See transaction details after you make a purchase 5. Should look like the below when notifications are turned off 
Turning off Samsung Pay alerts
 1. Tap the three lines in the upper left corner 2. Select Settings 3. Select Notifications 4. Select Transaction receipts 5. Select the toggle button next to ON 6. Should look like the below when notifications are turned off 
ATM Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Free ATM limit (Monthly) US$200 US$400 US$800 US$1,000 US$1,000 ATM withdrawal limit Daily: US$500 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$1,000 Monthly: US$10,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$2,000 Monthly: US$10,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$2,000 Monthly: US$10,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$2,000 Monthly: US$10,000 Yearly: No limit ATM withdrawal frequency Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit
Top Up and Transfer Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Aggregated top-up limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Aggregated top-up limit with Debit / Credit Card Daily: US$250 Monthly: US$2,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$1,000 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$1,000 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$1,000 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$1,000 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit Minimum top-up with Debit / Credit Card  US$20  US$20  US$20  US$20  US$20 Aggregated top-up limit with PayPal Daily: US$1,000 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$5,000 Monthly: US$15,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$5,000 Monthly: US$15,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$5,000 Monthly: US$15,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$5,000 Monthly: US$15,000 Yearly: No limit Fiat to card transfer limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Crypto to card transfer limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Card to card transfer limit Daily: US$100 Monthly: US$3,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$500 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$500 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$500 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$500 Monthly: US$5,000 Yearly: No limit
Load Frequency – All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: 12 Monthly limit: 300 Yearly limit: No limit *Please note that this is a total aggregated load frequency limit. For each top-up or transfer method, different load frequency limits may apply.  All aggregated loading limits (and only them) reset on a rolling basis, while all other limits reset on a calendar basis. The daily calendar limits reset at 00:00 GMT. Monthly and Yearly calendar limits reset on the first of each month/1st of January. 
Monthly CRO Rewards Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Monthly CRO Rewards Limit - $25 USD $50 USD - - Note: The Monthly CRO Rewards Limit is applicable regardless of whether cardholders have a live stake or not. 
POS Purchase Limit (Includes All In-Store and Online Purchases)
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian POS purchase limit Daily: US$10,000 Monthly: US$15,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$25,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$25,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$25,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: US$25,000 Monthly: US$25,000 Yearly: No limit POS frequency (for magnetic stripe transactions only) Daily: 20 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit Daily: 30 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit Daily: 30 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit Daily: 30 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit Daily: 30 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit
Card Max Balance – All Card Tiers
 US$25,000
Fees
 ATM Withdrawal: 2% on amounts above the monthly free ATM limit [ATM surcharge fees charged by ATM provider (if any) will be counted towards the ATM withdrawal limit] Debit/Credit Card Top-Up: Debit – 1% Credit – 2.99% PayPal Top-Up: 2.1% Reissue Card: Midnight Blue – US$7 Other VISA Cards – US$50 Card Upgrade: Waived One-time physical Card Issuance Fee: US$4.99 for the order of the first physical Midnight Blue card Inactivity: US$4.95 per month of inactivity will be charged after 12 months of no cardholder-initiated financial activity on the card unless activity resumes. The fee will stop being charged and the 12 months will be reset once activity resumes. Foreign Transaction Fee: 3% on all non-USD purchases and ATM withdrawals for Midnight Blue, Ruby Steel, Royal Indigo and Jade Green Cards (Effective December 1, 2022)
ATM Limit
 *Note: Singapore residential address users can withdraw cash overseas, however, they cannot withdraw cash within Singapore. Limits are under MAS Payment Services Act 2019 (applicable to Singapore residential address users only).  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Free ATM limit per Month (overseas ATMs only – outside Singapore)   S$200   S$400   S$800   S$1000   S$1000 ATM withdrawal limit (overseas ATMs only – outside Singapore) Daily: S$500 Monthly: S$5,000 Yearly: S$10,000 Daily: S$1,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$30,000 Daily: S$2,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$30,000 Daily: S$2,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$30,000 Daily: S$2,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$30,000 ATM withdrawal frequency (overseas ATMs only – outside Singapore) Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360
Interbank Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Interbank limit S$2,000 S$4,000 S$10,000 S$15,000 No limit
Top Up and Transfer Limit – All Card Tiers
  Limit Aggregated top-up limit Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$30,000 Aggregated top-up limit with Debit/Credit Card Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$30,000 Minimum top-up limit with Debit/Credit Card S$20 Crypto to card transfer limit Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$30,000
Load Frequency – All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: 3 Monthly limit: 30 Yearly limit: 360 *Please note that this is a total aggregated load frequency limit. For each top-up or transfer method, different load frequency limits may apply  All aggregated loading limits (and only them) reset on a rolling basis, while all other limits reset on a calendar basis. The daily calendar limits reset at 00:00 GMT. Monthly and Yearly calendar limits reset on the first of each month/1st of January. 
POS Purchase Limit - Including Overseas ATM Withdrawals (Outside Singapore; Includes All In-Store and Online Purchases)
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian POS purchase limit - including overseas ATM withdrawals (outside Singapore)  Daily: S$10,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$30,000  Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$30,000  Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$30,000  Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$30,000  Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$30,000 
Card Max Balance – All Card Tiers
 S$5,000
Monthly CRO Rewards Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Monthly CRO Rewards Limit - $25 USD equiv. $50 USD equiv. - - Note: The Monthly CRO Rewards Limit is applicable regardless of whether cardholders have a live stake or not. 
Fees
 ATM Withdrawal: 2% on amounts above the monthly free ATM limit [ATM surcharge fees charged by ATM provider (if any) will be counted towards the ATM withdrawal limit] Interbank Exchange: 0.50% on amounts above the monthly free interbank limit Debit/Credit Card Top-Up: Debit – 0% Credit – 1% Close Account: S$50 Reissue Card: S$50 Card Upgrade: Waived Inactivity: S$5 per month after 12 months of inactivity Foreign Transaction Fee: 0.5% on all purchases and ATM withdrawals that are not denominated in SGD, AUD, EUR, GBP, HKD, JPY, or USD for Midnight Blue, Ruby Steel, Royal Indigo, and Jade Green Cards (Effective 14 November 2022)
ATM Limit
 Note: ATM withdrawals are only available at local ATMs outside of Singapore. Limits are not under MAS Payment Services Act 2019 (applicable to non-Singapore residential address users only).  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Free ATM limit per Month (local ATMs only – outside Singapore)   S$200   S$400   S$800   S$1000   S$1000 ATM withdrawal limit (local ATMs only – outside Singapore) Daily: S$500 Monthly: S$5,000 Yearly: S$50,000 Daily: S$1,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$75,000 Daily: S$2,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$75,000 Daily: S$2,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$75,000 Daily: S$2,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$75,000 ATM withdrawal frequency (local ATMs only – outside Singapore)  Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360  Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360  Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360  Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360  Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360
Interbank Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Interbank limit S$2,000 S$4,000 S$10,000 S$15,000 No limit
Top Up and Transfer Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Aggregated top-up limit Daily: S$10,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$50,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$150,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Aggregated top-up limit with Debit / Credit Card Daily: S$10,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$20,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$150,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Minimum top-up limit with Credit / Debit Card   S$20   S$20   S$20   S$20   S$20 Crypto to card transfer limit Daily: S$10,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$50,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$150,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Daily: S$30,000 Monthly: S$30,000 Yearly: S$250,000
Load Frequency – All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: 3 Monthly limit: 30 Yearly limit: 360 *Please note that this is a total aggregated load frequency limit. For each top-up or transfer method, different load frequency limits may apply.  All aggregated loading limits (and only them) reset on a rolling basis, while all other limits reset on a calendar basis. The daily calendar limits reset at 00:00 GMT. Monthly and Yearly calendar limits reset on the first of each month/1st of January. 
POS Purchase Limit - Including Local ATM Withdrawals (Outside Singapore; Includes All In-Store and Online Purchases)
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian POS purchase limit - including local ATM withdrawals (outside Singapore) Daily: S$10,000 Monthly: S$10,000 Yearly: S$50,000 Daily: S$15,000 Monthly: S$15,000 Yearly: S$150,000 Daily: S$25,000 Monthly: S$25,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Daily: S$25,000 Monthly: S$25,000 Yearly: S$250,000 Daily: S$25,000 Monthly: S$25,000 Yearly: S$250,000
Card Max Balance
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Card max balance S$10,000 S$15,000 S$25,000 S$25,000 S$25,000
Monthly CRO Rewards Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Monthly CRO Rewards Limit - $25 USD equiv. $50 USD equiv. - - Note: The Monthly CRO Rewards Limit is applicable regardless of whether cardholders have a live stake or not. 
Fees
 ATM Withdrawal: 2% on amounts above the monthly free ATM limit [ATM surcharge fees charged by ATM provider (if any) will be counted towards the ATM withdrawal limit] Interbank Exchange: 0.50% on amounts above the monthly free interbank limit Debit/Credit Card Top-Up: Debit – 0% Credit – 1% Close Account: S$50 Reissue Card: S$50 Card Upgrade: Waived Inactivity: S$5 per month after 12 months of inactivity Foreign Transaction Fee: 0.5% on all purchases and ATM withdrawals that are not denominated in SGD, AUD, EUR, GBP, HKD, JPY, or USD for Midnight Blue, Ruby Steel, Royal Indigo, and Jade Green Cards (Effective 14 November 2022)
ATM Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Free ATM limit (Monthly) €200 €400 €800 €800 €1,000 ATM withdrawal limit Daily: €2,000 Monthly: €10,000 Yearly: €75,000 Daily: €2,000 Monthly: €10,000 Yearly: €75,000 Daily: €2,000 Monthly: €10,000 Yearly: €75,000 Daily: €2,000 Monthly: €10,000 Yearly: €75,000 Daily: €2,000 Monthly: €10,000 Yearly: €75,000 ATM withdrawal frequency Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360
Interbank Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Interbank Limit (Monthly) €2,000 €4,000 €10,000 €15,000 No limit
Top Up and Transfer Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Aggregated top-up limit Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Aggregated top-up limit with Credit / Debit Card Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Minimum top-up limit with Credit / Debit Card   €20   €20   €20   €20   €20 Fiat to card transfer limit Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Crypto to card transfer limit Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Daily: €25,000 Monthly: €25,000 Yearly: €250,000 Card to card transfer limit Daily: €100 Monthly: €3,000 Yearly: €50,000 Daily: €5,000 Monthly: €5,000 Yearly: €50,000 Daily: €5,000 Monthly: €5,000 Yearly: €50,000 Daily: €5,000 Monthly: €5,000 Yearly: €50,000 Daily: €5,000 Monthly: €5,000 Yearly: €50,000
Load Frequency – All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: 12 Monthly limit: 140 Yearly limit: No limit *Please note that this is a total aggregated load frequency limit. For each top-up or transfer method, different load frequency limits may apply  All aggregated loading limits (and only them) reset on a rolling basis, while all other limits reset on a calendar basis. The daily calendar limits reset at 00:00 GMT. Monthly and Yearly calendar limits reset on the first of each month/1st of January. 
Monthly CRO Rewards Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Monthly CRO Rewards Limit - $25 USD equiv. $50 USD equiv. - - Note: The Monthly CRO Rewards Limit is applicable regardless of whether cardholders have a live stake or not. 
POS Purchase Limit (Includes All In-Store and Online Purchases) – All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: €25,000 Monthly limit: €25,000 Yearly limit: €250,000
Card Max Balance – All Card Tiers
 €25,000
Fees
 Debit / Credit card top-up fee: 1% ATM Withdrawal: 2% on amounts above the monthly free ATM limit [ATM surcharge fees charged by ATM provider (if any) will be counted towards the ATM withdrawal limit] Interbank Exchange: 0.50% on amounts above the monthly free interbank limit Close Account: €50 Reissue Card: €50 Card Upgrade: Waived Card Issuance: €4.99 for the order of the first physical Midnight Blue card Inactivity: €5 per month after 12 months of inactivity Foreign Transaction Fee: All non-EUR & GBP purchases and ATM transactions will be charged as follows on Midnight Blue, Ruby Steel, Royal Indigo and Jade Green Cards (Effective 19 Dec 2022 onwards) Non-EUR & GBP Purchases and ATM Transactions Foreign Transaction Fee % Within the EU and UK 0.2% Outside the EU and UK 2.0%
ATM Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Free ATM limit (Monthly) £180 £360 £720 £720 £900 ATM withdrawal limit Daily: £1,800 Monthly: £9,000 Yearly: £66,000 Daily: £1,800 Monthly: £9,000 Yearly: £66,000 Daily: £1,800 Monthly: £9,000 Yearly: £66,000 Daily: £1,800 Monthly: £9,000 Yearly: £66,000 Daily: £1,800 Monthly: £9,000 Yearly: £66,000 ATM withdrawal frequency Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360
Interbank Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian £1,800 £3,600 £9,000 £14,000 No Limit
Top Up and Transfer Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000   £20   £20   £20   £20   £20 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £22,000 Monthly: £22,000 Yearly: £220,000 Daily: £100 Monthly: £3,000 Yearly: £45,000 Daily: £4,500 Monthly: £4,500 Yearly: £45,000 Daily: £4,500 Monthly: £4,500 Yearly: £45,000 Daily: £4,500 Monthly: £4,500 Yearly: £45,000 Daily: £4,500 Monthly: £4,500 Yearly: £45,000
Load Frequency – All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: 12 Monthly limit: 140 Yearly limit: No limit *Please note that this is a total aggregated load frequency limit. For each top-up or transfer method, different load frequency limits may apply.  All aggregated loading limits (and only them) reset on a rolling basis, while all other limits reset on a calendar basis. The daily calendar limits reset at 00:00 GMT. Monthly and Yearly calendar limits reset on the first of each month/1st of January. 
Monthly CRO Rewards Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Monthly CRO Rewards Limit - $25 USD equiv. $50 USD equiv. - - Note: The Monthly CRO Rewards Limit is applicable regardless of whether cardholders have a live stake or not. 
POS Purchase Limit (Includes All In-Store and Online Purchases)– All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: £22,000 Monthly limit: £22,000 Yearly limit: £220,000
Card Max Balance – All Card Tiers
 £22,000
Fees
 Debit / Credit card top-up fee: 1% ATM Withdrawal: 2% on amounts above the monthly free ATM limit [ATM surcharge fees charged by ATM provider (if any) will be counted towards the ATM withdrawal limit] Interbank Exchange: 0.50% on amounts above the monthly free interbank limit Close Account: £50 Card Upgrade: Waived Reissue Card: £50 Card Issuance: £4.99 for the order of the first physical Midnight Blue card Inactivity: £5 per month after 12 months of inactivity ( activity is considered any successful usage of the card) Foreign Transaction Fee: All non-GBP & EUR purchases and ATM withdrawals will be charged as follows on Midnight Blue, Ruby Steel, Royal Indigo and Jade Green Cards (Effective 19 Dec 2022 onwards) Non-GBP & EUR Purchases and ATM Withdrawals Foreign Transaction Fee Within the UK and the EU 0.2% Outside the UK and the EU 2.0%
ATM Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian ATM withdrawal limit Daily: C$700 Monthly: C$7,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$1,500 Monthly: C$15,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$2,500 Monthly: C$15,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$2,500 Monthly: C$15,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$2,500 Monthly: C$15,000 Yearly: No limit ATM withdrawal frequency (for magnetic stripe transactions only) Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: No limit
Top Up and Transfer Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Aggregated top-up limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Fiat to card transfer limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Crypto to card transfer limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Card to card transfer limit Daily: C$100 Monthly: C$3,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$500 Monthly: C$7,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$500 Monthly: C$7,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$500 Monthly: C$7,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$500 Monthly: C$7,000 Yearly: No limit
Load Frequency – All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: 12 Monthly limit: 140 Yearly limit: No limit *Please note that this is a total aggregated load frequency limit. For each top-up or transfer method, different load frequency limits may apply  All aggregated loading limits (and only them) reset on a rolling basis, while all other limits reset on a calendar basis. The daily calendar limits reset at 00:00 GMT. Monthly and Yearly calendar limits reset on the first of each month/1st of January. 
Monthly CRO Rewards Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Monthly CRO Rewards Limit - $25 USD equiv. $50 USD equiv. - - Note: The Monthly CRO Rewards Limit is applicable regardless of whether cardholders have a live stake or not. 
POS Purchase Limit (Includes All In-Store and Online Purchases)
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian POS purchase limit Daily: C$15,000 Monthly: C$20,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$35,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$35,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$35,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit Daily: C$35,000 Monthly: C$35,000 Yearly: No limit POS frequency (for magnetic stripe transactions only) Daily: 10 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit Daily: 20 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit Daily: 30 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit Daily: 30 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit Daily: 30 Monthly: No limit Yearly: No limit
Card Max Balance – All Card Tiers
 C$35,000
Fees
 Card Upgrade Fee: Waived Card Issuance: C$4.99 for the order of the first physical Midnight Blue card Physical Replacement Card Cost (Optional Service): Midnight Blue – C$10 Other VISA Cards – C$70 Foreign Currency Administration Fee: 2% on all non-CAD purchases and ATM withdrawals for Midnight Blue, Ruby Steel, Royal Indigo, and Jade Green Cards (Effective December 12, 2022)
ATM Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Free ATM limit (Monthly)  R$1,000  R$2,000  R$4,000  R$5,000  R$5,000 ATM withdrawal limit Daily: R$2,500 Monthly: R$75,000 Yearly: R$125,000 Daily: R$2,500 Monthly: R$75,000 Yearly: R$125,000 Daily: R$2,500 Monthly: R$75,000 Yearly: R$125,000 Daily: R$2,500 Monthly: R$75,000 Yearly: R$125,000 Daily: R$2,500 Monthly: R$75,000 Yearly: R$125,000 ATM withdrawal frequency Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360
Top Up and Transfer Limits
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Aggregated top-up limit Daily: No limit Monthly: No limit Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: No limit Monthly: No limit Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: No limit Monthly: No limit Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: No limit Monthly: No limit Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: No limit Monthly: No limit Yearly: R$1,500,000 Fiat to card transfer limit Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Crypto to card transfer limit Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Daily: R$125,000 Monthly: R$125,000 Yearly: R$1,500,000 Card to card transfer limit Daily: R$250 Monthly: R$7,500 Yearly: R$90,000 Daily: R$1,250 Monthly: R$15,000 Yearly: R$180,000 Daily: R$1,250 Monthly: R$15,000 Yearly: R$180,000 Daily: R$1,250 Monthly: R$15,000 Yearly: R$180,000 Daily: R$1,250 Monthly: R$15,000 Yearly: R$180,000 *Please note that this is a total aggregated load frequency limit. For each top-up or transfer method, different load frequency limits may apply.  All aggregated loading limits (and only them) reset on a rolling basis, while all other limits reset on a calendar basis. The daily calendar limits reset at 00:00 GMT. Monthly and Yearly calendar limits reset on the first of each month/1st of January. 
Overall Transaction Limit (including ATM Transaction) – All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: R$25,000 Monthly limit: No limit Yearly limit: R$1,500,000
Monthly CRO Rewards Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Monthly CRO Rewards Limit - $25 USD equiv. $50 USD equiv. - - Note: The Monthly CRO Rewards Limit is applicable regardless of whether cardholders have a live stake or not. 
Card Max Balance – All Card Tiers
 R$125,000
Fiat to Card Minimum Transfer Limit
 R$20
Fees
 ATM Withdrawal: 2% on amounts above the monthly free ATM limit [ATM surcharge fees charged by ATM provider (if any) will be counted towards the ATM withdrawal limit] Close Account: R$250 Reissue Card: Midnight Blue – R$35 Other VISA Cards – R$250 Card Upgrade: Waived One-time physical Card Issuance Fee Physical Midnight Blue Crypto.com Visa Card Issuance: R$9.50 Inactivity: R$25 per month after 12 months of inactivity Foreign Transaction Fee: 2% on all non-BRL purchases and ATM withdrawals for Midnight Blue, Ruby Steel, Royal Indigo and Jade Green Cards (Effective 14 Nov 2022 onwards) 
ATM Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Free ATM limit (Monthly)  A$200  A$400  A$800  A$1,000  A$1,000 ATM withdrawal limit Daily: A$2,000 Monthly: A$10,000 Yearly: A$75,000 Daily: A$2,000 Monthly: A$10,000 Yearly: A$75,000 Daily: A$2,000 Monthly: A$10,000 Yearly: A$75,000 Daily: A$2,000 Monthly: A$10,000 Yearly: A$75,000 Daily: A$2,000 Monthly: A$10,000 Yearly: A$75,000 ATM withdrawal frequency Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360 Daily: 3 Monthly: 30 Yearly: 360
Top Up and Transfer Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Aggregated top-up limit Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Aggregated top-up with Debit / Credit Card Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Minimum top-up limit with Debit / Credit Card  A$20  A$20  A$20  A$20  A$20 Fiat to card transfer limit Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Crypto to card transfer limit Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Daily: A$30,000 Monthly: A$30,000 Yearly: A$300,000 Card to card transfer limit Daily: A$100 Monthly: A$3,000 Yearly: A$36,000 Daily: A$7,000 Monthly: A$7,000 Yearly: A$70,000 Daily: A$7,000 Monthly: A$7,000 Yearly: A$70,000 Daily: A$7,000 Monthly: A$7,000 Yearly: A$70,000 Daily: A$7,000 Monthly: A$7,000 Yearly: A$70,000
Load Frequency – All Card Tiers
 Daily limit: 12 Monthly limit: 140 Yearly limit: 360 *Please note that this is a total aggregated load frequency limit. For each top-up or transfer method, different load frequency limits may apply  All aggregated loading limits (and only them) reset on a rolling basis, while all other limits reset on a calendar basis. The daily calendar limits reset at 00:00 GMT. Monthly and Yearly calendar limits reset on the first of each month/1st of January. 
Monthly CRO Rewards Limit
  Midnight Blue Ruby Steel Royal Indigo / Jade Green Icy White / Rose Gold Obsidian Monthly CRO Rewards Limit - $25 USD equiv. $50 USD equiv. - - Note: The Monthly CRO Rewards Limit is applicable regardless of whether cardholders have a live stake or not. 
Overall Transaction Limit (Including ATM transactions – All Card Tiers)
 Daily limit: A$30,000 Monthly limit: A$30,000 Yearly limit: A$300,000
Card Max Balance – All Card Tiers
 A$30,000
Fees
 ATM Withdrawal:2% on amounts above the monthly free ATM limit [ATM surcharge fees charged by ATM provider (if any) will be counted towards the ATM withdrawal limit] Debit / Credit Card Top-Up Fee: Debit – 1% Credit – 2% Debit / Credit Card top-up via Apple Pay – 2% Close Account: Midnight Blue – A$10 Other VISA Cards – A$70 Reissue Card: Midnight Blue – A$10 Other VISA Cards – A$70 Card Upgrade: Waived Card Issuance: A$5.99 for the order of the first physical Midnight Blue card Inactivity: A$5 per month after 12 months of inactivity Foreign Transaction Fee: 3% on all non-AUD purchases and ATM withdrawals for Midnight Blue, Ruby Steel, Royal Indigo, and Jade Green Cards (Effective 14 Nov 2022 onwards)
General FAQ
 Please dial the hotline on the back of your Crypto.com Visa card: Call Center Hotline Australia: +61 2 7908 5798 Canada: +1 844 707 7788 To verify your Crypto.com Visa Card for Google Pay & Apple Pay, please press ‘1’ A live agent will assist you with your wallet registration The agent will ask you to answer a brief series of questions to verify your identity as the Cardholder Once your identity is confirmed, the agent will inform you that your request will be escalated to a customer service specialist for further assistance The agent will inform you that the verification process is complete and you may terminate the call A confirmation SMS will be sent to your registered phone number within 48 hours If you don't receive the SMS, please contact our support team Yes, the card can be re-added to Apple Pay or Google Pay again. Yes, that would be necessary. You can block your card immediately in the Crypto.com app. Please contact us in the in app chat for a replacement. No. However, it will take up to 10 minutes for the cards to reflect as blocked or frozen in Apple Pay or Google Pay. Yes, the latest transactions made through Apple Pay or Google Pay will be shown. Yes, you will get notifications for both declined and successful transactions.
Apple Pay FAQ
  Your card is either closed or you have entered the wrong CVV or expiry date. You can add up to 16 cards to a single Apple device depending on your device model. You can provision a card on up to 99 devices. No, the devices do not interact with each other and are treated separately. Yes, the user will see a tick mark with the 'Done' message on the iPhone regardless of whether the transaction is successful or declined. Card will be removed from Apple Watch if it is unpaired from an iPhone. Your device’s Wallet is still secured with Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode. You can remotely lock, locate, and track your device using Find my iPhone. You can also log into your Apple ID remotely and remove all cards from Apple Pay.  You can also contact Crypto.com through [email protected] or the in-app chat to suspend your card. You can contact Crypto.com through [email protected] or the in-app chat to remove the suspension of your card. You can resume usage of your card on ApplePay once the suspension is lifted. Australia The same daily transaction limits from your card apply to Apple Pay.  Contactless transactions of more than A$200 or any other amount the merchant might set may require a PIN.  If you have set any blocks or card controls in the app, these will also apply to your card in Apple Pay.  Canada Use Apple Pay for purchases up to C$250 on your iPhone or Apple Watch at any business that accepts contactless (tap) debit and/or credit payments.  When you make a purchase using your Apple Pay in a retail store, the store receipt will show the last four digits of the device account number used to make the purchase instead of the digits of the card number that the purchase was debited from.  If you need to return an item, the retailer can refer to the device account number to process your return. Follow these instructions to find your device account number.  Open the settings app. Select Wallet and Apple Pay. Tap the card that the purchase was debited from. Scroll to Device Account Number. Open Apple Watch app on your iPhone. Go to My Watch tab and select Wallet and Apple Pay. Tap the card that the purchase was debited from. Scroll to Device Account Number. The retailer can process the refund back onto your Apple Pay. For iPhone, hold the device near the terminal and authorise. For Apple Watch, double-click the side button and hold your Apple Watch near the device. After logging into Apple Pay and selecting the Crypto.com card, tap the circle with 3 dots in the upper right corner Scroll to the bottom of thе screen Select the toggle button next to Allow Notifications Should look like the below when notifications are turned off
Google Pay FAQ
  Android Device Manager will help you find, lock, and erase your phone. Also, you can simply search “Find my phone” and Google will show you where it is on a map. You can also contact Crypto.com through [email protected] or the in-app chat to suspend your card. You can contact Crypto.com through [email protected] or the in-app chat to remove the suspension of your card. You can resume usage of your card on Google Pay once the suspension is lifted. Your card is either closed or you have entered the wrong CVV or expiry date. Australia The same daily transaction limits from your card apply to Google Pay.  Contactless transactions of more than A$200 or any other amount the merchant might set may require a PIN.  If you have set any blocks or card controls in the app, these will also apply to your card in Google Pay.  Canada Use Google Pay for purchases up to C$250 on your Android device at any business that accepts contactless (tap) debit and/or credit payments.  Find your store receipt. Bring the receipt and the item to the store. If the merchant asks you to swipe your card, hold the back of your phone to the contactless payment terminal. For some returns, you might have to provide the last 4 digits of your virtual account number in. You can find your virtual account number on the card details screen in your Google Pay app. This is not your virtual card number in Crypto.com app. Note: The retailer will let you know when you should expect your refund. 
How to link your Crypto.com Visa Card to Apple Pay on your iPhone?
 Linking your card via your Crypto.com app 1. Go to your Crypto.com app Card tab and access your card details 2. Select “Add to Apple Wallet” 3. Select “Continue” 4. Read and accept the Terms & Conditions 5. Request SMS OTP and verify. 6. Set up completed Linking your card via Apple Wallet app 1. Go to your Apple Wallet App 2. Select the option to ‘Add a new card’   3. Select your card type - Debit Card 4. Add your Crypto.com Visa Card   5. Complete the information required 6. Complete the information required   7. Read and accept the Terms & Conditions 8. Set up completed  
How to add a card for Apple Pay on your Apple Watch?
 You can add a new debit or credit card, or a card you previously used on a device associated with your Apple ID, directly on your Apple Watch. You can also add a card with the Apple Watch app on your paired iPhone. On your Apple Watch, open the Wallet app. Scroll down and tap Add Card. Tap Debit or Credit Card to add a new card, or tap Previous Card to choose a card that you previously added to the Wallet app. Tap Continue. Follow the steps on the screen to enter your card information and add your card. If necessary, verify your information with your bank or card issuer using the Apple Watch app on your paired iPhone. They may ask you to provide additional information or to download an app before approving your card for use with Apple Pay. On your paired iPhone, open the Apple Watch app. In the My Watch tab, tap Wallet & Apple Pay. Tap Add Card. Tap Debit or Credit Card to add a new card, or tap Previous Card to choose a card that you previously added to the Wallet app. Tap Continue. Follow the steps on the screen to add your card. If necessary, verify your information with the bank or card issuer. They may ask you to provide additional information or to download an app before approving your card for use with Apple Pay. * Apple Watches managed with Family Setup may not be able to add cards directly on the Apple Watch.  Please refer to this article for other Digital Wallet FAQs.
How to link your Crypto.com Visa Card to Google Pay?
 Linking your card via your crypto.com app 1. Go to your Crypto.com app Card tab and access your card details on the top right hand corner 2. Select “Add to Google Pay”   3. Select “Add” 4. Read and accept the Terms & Conditions   5. Request SMS OTP and verify. 6. Set up completed.   Linking your card via Google Pay app 1. Go to your Google Pay App 2. Select option “Add a payment method”   3. Select “Credit or debit card” 4. Scan your card or manually enter details   The Google Pay App will let you choose one of the following: Take a photo of the front and back of your card OR Enter you card details manually 5. Confirm card details and press continue 6. Accept terms and conditions   7. Request SMS OTP 8. Fill in SMS OTP   9. Set up completed! 
What if I do not receive SMS OTP verification?
 Please dial the hotline on the back of your Crypto.com Visa card: Call Center Hotline: +61 2 7908 5798 To verify your Crypto.com Visa Card for Google Pay & Apple Pay, please press ‘1’ A live agent will assist you with your wallet registration The agent will ask you to answer a brief series of questions to verify your identity as the Cardholder Once your identity is confirmed, the agent will inform you that your request will be escalated to a customer service specialist for further assistance The agent will inform you that the verification process is complete and you may terminate the call A confirmation SMS will be sent to your registered phone number within 48 hours If you don't receive the SMS, please contact our support team Please refer to this article for other Digital Wallet FAQs.
How to link your Crypto.com Visa Card to Apple Pay on your iPhone?
 1. Go to your Apple Wallet App 2. Select the option to ‘Add a new card’   3. Select your card type - Debit Card 4. Add your Crypto.com Visa Card   5. Complete the information required 6. Complete the information required   7. Read and accept the Terms & Conditions 8. Set up completed 
How to add a card for Apple Pay on your Apple Watch?
 You can add a new debit or credit card, or a card you previously used on a device associated with your Apple ID, directly on your Apple Watch. You can also add a card with the Apple Watch app on your paired iPhone. On your Apple Watch, open the Wallet app. Scroll down and tap Add Card. Tap Debit or Credit Card to add a new card, or tap Previous Card to choose a card that you previously added to the Wallet app. Tap Continue. Follow the steps on the screen to enter your card information and add your card. If necessary, verify your information with your bank or card issuer using the Apple Watch app on your paired iPhone. They may ask you to provide additional information or to download an app before approving your card for use with Apple Pay. On your paired iPhone, open the Apple Watch app. In the My Watch tab, tap Wallet & Apple Pay. Tap Add Card. Tap Debit or Credit Card to add a new card, or tap Previous Card to choose a card that you previously added to the Wallet app. Tap Continue. Follow the steps on the screen to add your card. If necessary, verify your information with the bank or card issuer. They may ask you to provide additional information or to download an app before approving your card for use with Apple Pay. * Apple Watches managed with Family Setup may not be able to add cards directly on the Apple Watch. Please refer to this article for other Digital Wallet FAQs.
How to link your Crypto.com Visa Card to Google Pay?
 Linking your card via Google Pay app 1. Go to your Google Pay App 2. Select option “Add a payment method”   3. Select “Credit or debit card” 4. Scan your card or manually enter details   The Google Pay App will let you choose one of the following: Take a photo of the front and back of your card OR Enter you card details manually 5. Confirm card details and press continue 6. Accept terms and conditions   7. Request SMS OTP 8. Fill in SMS OTP   9. Set up completed! 
What if I do not receive SMS OTP verification?
 Please dial the hotline on the back of your Crypto.com Visa card: Call Center Hotline: 1 844-707-7788 To verify your Crypto.com Visa Card for Google Pay & Apple Pay, please press ‘1’ A live agent will assist you with your wallet registration The agent will ask you to answer a brief series of questions to verify your identity as the Cardholder Once your identity is confirmed, the agent will inform you that your request will be escalated to a customer service specialist for further assistance The agent will inform you that the verification process is complete and you may terminate the call A confirmation SMS will be sent to your registered phone number within 48 hours If you don't receive the SMS, please contact our support team Please refer to this article for other Digital Wallet FAQs. With regards to the latest Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) Payment Services Act that is going effective on 28th January 2020, there is an important update to the Crypto.com Visa Card limits for Singaporean residents (users that applied for a card with SG residential address proof). 
What is the Payment Services Act?
 The Payment Services Act (PSA) imposes limits on all Singaporean e-wallet users on how much money they can spend or hold in their e-wallet. This applies to all personal e-wallets including your Crypto.com Visa Card wallet.Under the Payment Services Act, major payment institutions that carry on a business of providing an account issuance service must ensure that the currency equivalent of the e‑money contained and/or transferred in any period of one year in a personal payment account does not exceed the prescribed amount of S$5,000 and S$30,000 respectively. It also prohibits e-wallets from providing local cash withdrawal services.  https://www.mas.gov.sg/regulation/acts/payment-services-act 
How will the PSA affect my Crypto.com Visa Card wallet?
 To comply with the limits imposed, the following changes will be adopted by Crypto.com with effect from 28 January 2020: The maximum balance you can hold in your Crypto.com Visa Card wallet is S$5,000. The maximum amount you can spend from your Crypto.com Visa Card is S$30,000 annually, starting from Jan. 28-Dec. 31, 2020 and Jan. 1-Dec. 31 of each calendar year thereafter. You will not be able to make any local ATM withdrawals.
Will I still be able to withdraw cash from an overseas ATM?
 Yes. You will retain the ability to withdraw cash from overseas ATMs as long as you have not exceeded your annual S$30,000 spending limit (per calendar year).
What will happen if I exceed the limits imposed?
 If your account balance is found to be above S$5,000 by 28 January 2020, our team will be reaching out to you to retrieve your funds.
What can I do to increase the limits?
 These limits are imposed by the regulators, the MAS. We are in frequent discussions with the regulator, the Monetary Authority of Singapore(MAS). If these limits are affecting you, please consider writing to the MAS here.
Would my exchanged fiat currencies (non-SGD) count towards the total S$5,000 balance limit and annual spending limit?
 Yes as you would be holding/spending those exchanged currencies with your Card Wallet. 
Do ATM withdrawals count towards the annual S$30,000 spending limit?
 Yes, both payment and withdrawals are considered as spending. Please note that you would no longer be able to withdraw from local ATM under the Payment Services Act, but only overseas ATM withdrawals. 
Why couldn’t I top-up my card even though my total card wallet balance is less than S$5,000 ?
 You have exceeded your annual S$30,000 spending limit (both payment and overseas withdrawals) for the calendar year. 
Where could I find out about my remaining annual spending limit?
 Unfortunately, the only convenient option, for now, is to calculate from your previous card transactions history. We’re working towards a solution to display your annual spending in your Card Wallet. 
Does PSA affect the balance on the Crypto.com app wallet?
 No, it only affects your balance on the Crypto.com Visa Card.
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card:
 Go to the Card page Tap on Top Up Select your preferred method to top up with- cryptocurrency**or - credit/debit card* Input the top-up amount in SGD Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds) Note:  *For cardholders with a greyed out credit/debit card button; tap the question mark icon and follow the flow to re-enter your card information again Supported Credit Card Supported Debit Card Mastercard Maestro (Mastercard network) Visa Visa Electron (Visa network) **For minimum/maximum limits, please refer to App > Settings > Fees & Limits >BUY/SELL CRYPTO  There is an important update to the Crypto.com Visa Card top-up limits for Singaporean residents under MAS Payment Services Act on Jan 28, 2020. From Jan 29, 2022, Singapore users will no longer be charged international transaction fees by your card issuer when they top up with a Singapore-issued debit/credit card. A 1% administrative fee will still be charged by us when you top up using a credit card and no fees will be levied by us when you top up using a debit card. However, please check with your card issuer prior to the transaction if any other fees may apply. A 1% administrative fee will still be charged by us when you top up using a credit card and no fees will be levied by us when you top up using a debit card. However, please check with your card issuer prior to the transaction if international transaction fees or any other fees may apply.
Which cryptocurrencies can be used to top up the Crypto.com Visa Card?
BTC, ETH, LTC, XRP, ADA, CHZ, DAI, DOGE, ENJ, LINK, MANA, MATIC, TAUD, TCAD, TGBP, THETA, UNI, USDC, USDT*, VET, & ZIL
 Effective 1 Nov 2022 onwards, the following cryptocurrencies can also be used:  XSGD, SOL, SHIB, AVAX, QNT, DOT, ALGO, ATOM, SAND, HBAR, NEAR, APE, FTM, GALA, WAVES, KLAY, JASMY, ELON, ETC, RSR, APT, GMT, EOS, CSPR, COTI, GLMR, TUSD  *Hong Kong users aren't able to top up their Crypto.com Visa Card with USDT. 
Which fiat currencies are available besides my base currency (SGD)?***
 EUR, AUD, HKD, JPY, GBP, USD 
How to exchange fiat currency for another fiat currency?
 Go to the Card page Tap on Exchange Select the fiat currency to exchange Select your preferred fiat currency Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds) ***Visa exchange rate applies on all currencies not listed here.  For Bank Transfer of funds into the Crypto.com App, please refer to the below. EUR Bank Transfers via SEPA Network.
How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (APAC)
 Firstly, you will have to open your CRO Wallet in the App and follow the steps mentioned below. Tap Upgrade and follow the guided steps  
For Crypto.com Visa cardholders with no CRO staked:
 Go to your CRO Wallet in the App Tap on the Stake button and follow the guided steps Confirm to have your Crypto.com Visa Card issued by tapping Upgrade  Note: Requires App Version 3.50 iOS/Android or later. The new stake will reset the timer and another 6-month period will start. Your new Crypto.com Visa card will have a different number.  Please update related payment information accordingly i.e. LoungeKey You cannot upgrade your card if your submitted address proof is under review.  Please wait for the review to be completed before upgrading. Ensure that your existing Crypto.com Visa Card is not frozen. Funds from your existing card cannot be transferred to your new card if it is frozen. 
For Crypto.com Visa cardholders with a NEW delivery address
 Please follow the steps above and contact our support team thereafter with the request for an address change. 
Relevant Articles:
 Crypto.com Visa Card Upgrade - Frequently Asked Questions  Crypto.com has begun shipping the Crypto.com Visa Cards to the following European countries. Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Iceland Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Malta Norway Poland Portugal Romania Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland UK Please note that Crypto.com Visa Card applications for UK Residents are temporarily unavailable.
How do I apply for a virtual card?
 Users may follow the steps here to apply for a virtual card in UK / EU. 
When will I get my virtual card?
 Virtual cards would be issued once the review of address documents is complete. 
What's the difference between a virtual card and a physical card?
 Virtual cards can be used to conduct top-up & online spending while waiting for their physical cards to arrive.  POS and ATM transactions are not supported by virtual cards, these transactions require a physical card. 
How do I get my physical card?
 Tap "Get Now" on the card page after the virtual card has been issued 
Does the virtual card require activation?
 Virtual cards do not require activation. Users may use the virtual card instantly for online spending after top-up via the Crypto.com App.  Card activation is only required for the physical card upon arrival. 
How do I activate my physical Crypto.com Visa Card?
Users may follow the steps here to activate the physical Crypto.com Visa Card once received.
 
Where can I find my virtual card information?
 Go to your card wallet Click ‘Card’ icon on the upper right corner Click ‘View Card number’
How does card upgrade work?
 Users may follow the steps here to request an upgrade. Virtual cards would be issued after the relevant amount of CRO is staked. 
How do I use LoungeKey with my virtual card?
 Users will be able to enjoy LoungeKey™ access without presenting their physical card. Eligible users should follow the steps here to register a membership. A QR code will be available on the LoungeKey™ app for your lounge access. LoungeKey™ staff can scan your QR code at the reception desk to validate your membership. 
Do virtual cards expire?
 Virtual cards will expire like a physical card, the expiration date will be available on the App along with other card information. 
Why are my virtual card's CVV and expiry date different than on my physical card's?
 Once the physical card is activated in the Crypto.com App, the CVV and expiry date will sync and match the information on the physical card. 
Can virtual cards be added to Apple/Samsung/Google pay?
 Currently, virtual cards in the EU cannot be added to Apple/Samsung/Google pay but we are working towards enabling this functionality. 
Is there a fee to replace/upgrade a virtual card?
 Replacement / Upgrade fee will only be charged when users request a physical version of the replacement / upgraded card.*  *With the exception of users who don't have a physical card and request a replacement/upgrade only for their virtual card. 
My virtual card was compromised, can I get a new one?
 Users can reach out to Customer Support to request a replacement virtual card. 
What should I do if the pop-up window does not contain my card information after I click ‘View Card Number’?
 Users should close the pop-up window and try to click ‘View Card Number’ again. It could take a few times to successfully load the information when the network is unstable.  Users should also ensure VPN is disabled and the mobile device is under good network connection when attempting to view the virtual card information. 
What should I do if I cannot see the ‘View Card Number’ option?
 Virtual cards will roll out gradually to users and an email notification will be sent when it's available to them. Notified users should download and install the latest version of the Crypto.com App.  If this issue still persists after receiving the email and installing the latest app version, please contact Customer Support.
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via crypto or credit/debit card:
 Go to the Card page Tap on Top Up Select your preferred method to top up with- cryptocurrency**or- credit/debit card* Input the top-up amount in EUR/GBP Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds) Please note that a 1% fee is applied when topping up with credit/debit card. Please check with your card issuer prior to the transaction if any other fees may apply.  For users with a greyed out credit/debit card button; tap the question mark icon and follow the flow to re-enter your card information again. Supported Credit Card Supported Debit Card Mastercard Maestro (Mastercard network) Visa Visa Electron (Visa network) **For minimum/maximum limits, please refer to App > Settings > Fees & Limits >BUY/SELL CRYPTO 
Which cryptocurrencies can be used to top up the Crypto.com Visa Card?
 BTC, ETH, LTC, XRP, USDP, ADA, CHZ, DAI, DOGE, ENJ, LINK, MANA, MATIC, TAUD, TCAD, TGBP, THETA, UNI, USDC, USDT, VET & ZIL 
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via Fiat Wallet:
 Go to the Card page Tap on Top Up Select Fiat Wallet* Input the top-up amount in EUR Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds) *EU card with EUR only *UK card with GBP onlyFor Bank Transfer of funds into the Crypto.com app, please refer to the below.  EUR Bank Transfers via SEPA Network (EUR) Note: Please be aware that you cannot transfer money back to your Fiat wallet after you've topped your Crypto.com Visa Card. 
Which fiat currencies are available besides the base currency (EUR/GBP)?
 Only GBP is available for UK cards and EUR for EU cards.. Visa exchange rates apply to transactions in other currencies.Interbank exchange rates monthly limit apply and 0.5% will be charged on the amount over the limit.
To send EUR/GBP to another EU/UK Crypto.com Visa card user:
 Go to the Card page Tap on Send Select a contact from your phone Input amount to send in EUR/GBP Confirm the transaction *For minimum/maximum limits, please refer to App -> Settings -> Fees & Limits -> Buy/Sell Crypto
How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (EU & UK)
 Firstly, you will have to open your CRO Wallet in the App and follow the steps mentioned below. Tap Upgrade and follow the guided steps 
For Crypto.com Visa cardholders with no CRO staked:
 Go to your CRO Wallet in the App Tap on the Stake button and follow the guided steps Confirm to have your Crypto.com Visa Card issued by tapping Upgrade Note: Requires App Version 3.50 iOS/Android or later. The new stake will reset the timer and another 6-month period will start. Your new Crypto.com Visa card will have a different number.  Please update related payment information accordingly i.e. LoungeKey You cannot upgrade your card if your submitted address proof is under review.  Please wait for the review to be completed before upgrading. Ensure that your existing Crypto.com Visa Card is not frozen. Funds from your existing card cannot be transferred to your new card if it is frozen. 
For Crypto.com Visa cardholders with a NEW delivery address
 Please follow the steps above and contact our Customer Support team with the request for an address change. 
Relevant Articles:
 Crypto.com Visa Card Upgrade - Frequently Asked Questions 
What is PSD2 - Open Banking?
 The second Payment Services Directive (“PSD2”) - Open Banking is a revised European and UK directive allowing you to share your Crypto.com VISA EU and UK card account details to regulated third-party providers in a safe and secure manner.  You as the account holder must give your explicit approval prior to any sharing of account information. Ultimately, Crypto.com is supportive of this initiative to give you control back of your own data! 
How can Third Party Providers (“TPPs”) connect with us?
 Crypto.com is partnering with Salt Edge Limited to provide and support a dedicated interface for any TPPs to connect with us. All the onboarding and complete integration documentation can be found on Salt Edge’s Developer portal via this link. 
What information can I share as an account holder?
 Right now this service is only available for the Crypto.com VISA EU and UK card account. This means that you can give the approval to share your card balance and transaction history with a TPP of your choice. 
How can I revoke my approval?
 Please let your TPP know that you wish to revoke the consent provided to them to have access to your Crypto.com VISA EU and UK card account details. Once you have revoked the consent, they will no longer be able to retrieve your account details from us. 
Past availability and performance
 Please refer to this link 
What is PSD2 - SCA?
 The second Payment Services Directive (“PSD2”) - Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) is a revised European and UK regulatory requirement that aims to reduce fraud and make online payments more secure. This applies to online payments within Europe and UK with some exemptions for contactless payments. 
Why do I still need to insert a PIN or Swipe card for contactless transactions?
 Strong Customer Authentication is required at the point of sale subject to the following conditions: Greater than £100 / €50: The value of the transaction must exceed £100 / €50, and either Total Amount of Consecutive Contactless Transactions greater than £300 / €150: The cumulative monetary amount of consecutive contactless transactions without a PIN must not exceed £300 / €150; or More than 5 consecutive contactless transactions:  The number of consecutive contactless transactions since the last usage of a PIN must not exceed five Once you have used a PIN to authenticate a transaction, the count will be reset to zero. All EU and UK Crypto.com Visa Cards will be issued with a randomly generated PIN. 
Where is my preset PIN?
 Your preset PIN can be found within the Card > Settings page. 
How do I set my own PIN?
 If you wish to set your own PIN, you may refer to this VISA ATM Locator and search for an ATM with Change PIN functionality in your area (see screen below for an example).   
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via crypto:
 Go to the Card page Tap on Top Up Select your preferred method to top up with cryptocurrency** Input the top-up amount in CAD Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds) **For minimum/maximum limits, please refer to App > Settings > Fees & Limits > BUY/SELL CRYPTO 
Which cryptocurrencies can be used to top up the Crypto.com Visa Card?
BTC, ETH, LTC, XRP, TCAD, TUSD, USDT, USDC, ADA, CHZ, DAI, DOGE, ENJ, LINK, MANA, MATIC, TAUD, TGBP, THETA, UNI, VET & ZIL
 
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via Fiat Wallet:
 1. Go to the Card page 2. Tap on Top Up 3. Select Fiat Wallet* 4. Input the top-up amount in CAD 5. Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds)  For bank transfer of funds into the Crypto.com App, please refer to CAD Bank Transfers (CAD)  Note: Please be aware that you cannot transfer money back to your Fiat wallet after you've topped your Crypto.com Visa Card. 
Which fiat currencies are available besides my base currency (CAD)?
 Only CAD is available for Canada cards.  Visa exchange rates apply to transactions in other currencies.
How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (Canada)
 Firstly, you will have to open your CRO Wallet in the App and follow the steps mentioned below. Tap Upgrade and follow the guided steps 
For Crypto.com Visa cardholders with no CRO staked:
 Go to your CRO Wallet in the App Tap on the Stake button and follow the guided steps Confirm to have your Crypto.com Visa Card issued by tapping Upgrade Note: The new stake will reset the timer and another 6-month period will start. Your new Crypto.com Visa card will have a different number.  Please update related payment information accordingly i.e. Spotify, LoungeKey You cannot upgrade your card if your submitted address proof is under review.  Please wait for the review to be completed before upgrading. Ensure that your existing Crypto.com Visa Card is not frozen. Funds from your existing card cannot be transferred to your new card if it is frozen. If you have Spending Power, your Spending Power wallet will be closed before we can upgrade your card. Please do not activate Spending Power before you receive your new card as that will cause card activation failure when your new card arrives.
For Crypto.com Visa cardholders with a NEW delivery address
 Please follow the steps above and contact our Customer Support team with the request for an address change. 
Relevant Articles:
 Crypto.com Visa Card Upgrade - Frequently Asked Questions  All Canada Crypto.com Visa Cards will be issued with a randomly generated PIN. 
Where is my PIN?
 The current PIN on your Crypto.com Visa card can be viewed at any time via your Crypto.com App. Go to your Card page Tap the card icon (upper right-hand corner) Tap View PIN Complete the identity verification
How do I set my own PIN?
 The Crypto.com Visa card does not support PIN changes at Canadian ATMs.  The PIN on your Crypto.com Visa card can only be changed via the Crypto.com App as follows: Go to your Card page Tap the card icon (upper right-hand corner) Tap Reset PIN Complete the identity verification Enter your new PIN Activate your new PIN (details below)
How to activate my new PIN?
 After each PIN change via the Crypto.com App, a transaction must be made that requires a PIN input.  This process is required in order to fully activate your new PIN by following one of 3 ways.  Once you have completed your new PIN request via the Crypto.com App, you can activate your new PIN by carrying out an ATM transaction (Balance Enquiry or Cash withdrawal). You must use your new PIN for this transaction. * Note local ATM fees may be applied.  2.1 Make a transaction where your Crypto.com card is inserted in the merchant terminal 2.2 Enter your old PIN, and the transaction will be approved. This will update the chip on your Crypto.com card, your new PIN should now be fully activated. You should use your new PIN on subsequent transactions.  3.1 Make a transaction where your Crypto.com card is inserted in the merchant terminal* 3.2 Enter your new PIN**, which will update the chip on your Crypto.com card.  It is normal to see a terminal response for ‘’incorrect PIN’’ the first attempt may result in a declined transaction. Start another transaction with your new PIN until it’s approved.  Once the merchant terminal transaction has been approved, all transactions onwards will be authorized and approved/declined as normal with your new PIN.  Note:  **For some merchant terminals, this may take up to 3 declined transaction attempts before your new PIN is fully activated.
How do I apply for a virtual card?
 You may follow the steps here to apply for a virtual card in CA. 
When will I get my virtual card?
 Virtual cards would be issued once your card application review is complete. 
What's the difference between a virtual card and a physical card?
 Virtual cards can be used to conduct top-up & online spending while waiting for your physical cards to arrive.  POS and ATM transactions are not supported by virtual cards, these transactions require a physical card. 
How do I get my physical card?
 You will first receive the Virtual Card and can then request to receive the Physical one from the Crypto.com app. You may follow the steps here to activate the physical Crypto.com Visa Card once received.  Tap "Get Now" on the card page after the virtual card has been issued 
Does the virtual card require activation?
 Virtual cards do not require activation. You may use the virtual card instantly for online spending after top-up via the Crypto.com App.  Card activation is only required for the physical card upon arrival. 
How do I activate my physical Crypto.com Visa Card?
 You may follow the steps here to activate the physical Crypto.com Visa Card once received. 
Where can I find my virtual card information?
 Go to your card wallet Click ‘Card’ icon on the upper right corner Click ‘View Card number’
How does card upgrade work?
 You may follow the steps here to request an upgrade. Virtual cards would be issued after the relevant amount of CRO is staked. 
Do virtual cards expire?
 Virtual cards will expire like a physical card, the expiration date will be available on the App along with other card information. 
Why are my virtual card's CVV and expiry date different than on my physical card's?
 Once the physical card is activated in the Crypto.com App, the CVV and expiry date will sync and match the information on the physical card. If you have saved your virtual card details before at shopping platforms, please remember to update them. 
Can I use Spending Power with my virtual card?
 Eligible cardholders can take advantage of the Spending Power feature and use crypto to fund their virtual Card’s purchases and withdrawals. Learn more about Spending Power here. 
Can virtual cards be added to Apple/Samsung/Google pay?
 Virtual cards in CA can be added to Apple and Google pay, however, Samsung Pay is not available for Canada cardholders. 
How do I use LoungeKey™ with my virtual card?
 You can enjoy LoungeKey™ access without presenting a physical card. Follow the steps here to register a membership. A QR code will be available on the LoungeKey™ app for your lounge access. LoungeKey™ staff can scan your QR code at the reception desk to validate your membership. 
Is there a fee to replace/upgrade a virtual card?
 A replacement fee will only be charged when you request a physical version of the replacement card. No fee will be charged for card upgrades. 
My virtual card was compromised, can I get a new one?
 Please freeze your card in Crypto.com App immediately and reach out to Customer Support to request a replacement virtual card. 
What should I do if the pop-up window does not contain my card information after I click ‘View Card Number’?
 You should close the pop-up window and try to click ‘View Card Number’ again. It could take a few times to successfully load the information when the network is unstable.  Please ensure that VPN is disabled and the mobile device is under good network connection when attempting to view the virtual card information.  
Why are we Providing this Information?
 Crypto.com (“we” or “us”) offers the Crypto.com Visa Cards (“Cards”), which are issued by Digital Commerce Bank (“DCBank”). As a result, the Bank Act requires us to disclose to our customers and to the public that we will not engage in prohibited conduct when offering these Cards.  The following information explains:  ●       What prohibited conduct is, ●       What prohibited conduct isn’t, and ●       How to contact us if you have any questions or concerns. 
What is Prohibited Conduct?
 It is against the law for any bank or anyone selling a bank product, such as the Cards, to impose undue pressure on, or coerce, a person for any reason, including to obtain a product or service from a particular person, including the bank and any of its affiliates, as a condition for obtaining another product or service from the bank, or take advantage of a person.  Prohibited conduct can take many forms including undue pressure. Undue pressure is any pressure that a reasonable person would consider excessive or persistent in the circumstances. This could include an employee persistently offering you a product even though you rejected the initial offer and made it clear that you have no interest in the product and don’t want to be contacted again.  It is also prohibited for us to take advantage of a person, which includes exploiting their vulnerabilities in order to get a desired result. This could include raising fees based on a person’s financial desperation or other factors that may amount to a person getting a worse product or deal than the typical customer.  Coercion is where some form of threat, including a threat of physical harm, is used to try to persuade a customer to purchase a product or to take some other type of action. The most common form of coercion in the sales context is called coercive tied selling, which is specifically prohibited by the Bank Act. Coercive tied selling is pressuring a customer to get a product on the condition of getting another product from a bank. This is against the law. If you qualify for a product, you should not be pressured to buy another unwanted product or service as a condition of obtaining the product you want. 
What is Not Prohibited conduct?
 We look for ways to provide value to our customers and to show appreciation for their continued business and loyalty. Sales practices, such as preferential pricing and the bundling of products and services, are legally permissible ways of rewarding customers for their business.  Preferential pricing means offering customers a better price or rate on all or part of their business. For example, after approving you for a corporate bank account, you may be offered lower banking fees if you also sign up for an electronic funds transfer service. This practice is acceptable. You are offered preferential pricing to encourage you to give the bank more business. Unlike the prohibited conduct examples obtaining the bank account is not conditioned on getting another product or service.  Products or services are often combined to give consumers better prices, incentives or more favourable terms. By linking or bundling their products or services, businesses are often able to offer them to you at a lower combined price than if you bought each product on its own.  Similarly, we may offer you bundled financial services or products so that you can take advantage of package prices that are less than the sum of the individual items. Bundling products in this way is permitted because you have the choice of buying the items individually or in a package. 
Our Commitment to our Customers
 We provide our employees with information, procedures and training programs on unfair practices. Our employees are expected to comply with the law and not engage in any prohibited conduct. We are committed to protecting both our current and prospective customers.  We encourage you to let us know if you believe that you have experienced coercive tied selling or other forms of prohibited conduct in any dealings with us. You can contact us via email at [email protected] or via the In-app Chat or the web chat via the Crypto.com website.  You may also contact DCBank directly at 1.844.836.6040 or [email protected]. Spending Power allows users to use crypto as collateral to fund their Crypto.com Card. Users can make purchases and withdrawals using their Spending Limit which is based on the current market price of the crypto token that they select to be used as collateral and the Loan-to-Value (LTV) percentage applicable to them. 
Who is eligible?
 Users in eligible Canada provinces who have set up their Fiat Wallet and have activated their Crypto.com Card can use Spending Power.  Provinces Eligible Provinces and Territories Northwest Territories, Ontario, British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, Newfoundland, Labrador, Prince Edward Island Ineligible Provinces and Territories Quebec, Nova Scotia, Yukon, Nunavut, Saskatchewan, New Brunswick
How do I activate Spending Power?
 To activate Spending Power in the Crypto.com App: Open the Super App Menu, tap Spending Power, and follow the on-screen instructions; Go to the Card tab, select Full Card Details, toggle on Spending Power, and follow the on-screen instructions: 
How does Spending Power work?
 Upon activating Spending Power, you will be granted a Spending Limit based on the current market price of the crypto token that you select to be used as collateral and the Loan-to-Value (LTV) percentage applicable to you.  Crypto held in your Crypto Wallet and Earn accounts may be used as collateral. However, staked CRO may not be used as collateral.  The amount available to use on your Crypto.com Card will consist of your available Spending Limit and the funds that you top up to your Crypto.com Card as shown below:   When you make a transaction with your card, funds from your Card Top-Ups will be used first followed by funds from your Spending Limit. Funds from your Spending Limit will only be used when there are no more funds from Card Top-Ups available.  Daily at 00:00:00 UTC to reflect the latest market value; When repayment occurs to reflect the new balance; When collateral health reaches Critical (liquidation) and the Spending Limit becomes unavailable; When a purchase or sale of the crypto used as collateral occurs; When staking or unstaking CRO; Transactions made using your Spending Limit will not accrue interest until 7 days after each transaction. Thereafter, the amount used will continue to accrue interest until it is repaid. 
Can I use Spending Power with my virtual card?
 Eligible cardholders can take advantage of the Spending Power feature and use crypto to fund their virtual Card’s purchases and withdrawals. Learn more about Spending Power here. 
How do I disable Spending Power?
 Go to the Card tab and toggle off Spending Power to disable this service. All Outstanding Balance has to be repaid to disable Spending Power. 
Other Relevant Articles:
 Crypto.com Visa Card Fees and Limits (Canada) How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (Canada) Virtual Card (Canada)
What is Available Spending Limit?
 Available Spending Limit means, at any time, the amount of Loan proceeds available to you to make purchases or withdraw cash using your Crypto.com Card, being equal to your Total Spending Limit at such time, minus your Used Balance at such time.  Available Spending Limit = Total Spending Limit - Used Balance 
How is Spending Limit calculated?
 A user’s Spending Limit is determined based on the current market price of the crypto that they select to be used as collateral and the Loan-to-Value (LTV) percentage applicable to them.  Spending Limit  = Value of Selected Collateral (USD) x Initial LTV % x FX Rate (CAD)  The maximum Spending Limit that can be granted is CAD 60,000.  For example, if you have the following in your Crypto Wallet to use as collateral and your initial LTV is 50%:  Selected Collateral Amount (A) Market Price in USD (P) Value of Selected Collateral  in USD (A * P)  FX Rate (CAD)* (R)  Spending Limit in CAD (A*P*R* LTV)  BTC 0.5 $42,200 $21,100 1.28 $13,504 USDT 3,800 $1.01 $3838 1.28 $2,456.32 ETH 5 $3,108 $15,540 1.28 $9,945.60    Total:  $25,905.92 *The table is for illustration purposes only. The universal real-time exchange rate and market price will be used to calculate the actual Spending Limit. 
Which cryptocurrencies are accepted as collateral?
 Non-stablecoins Stablecoins CRO TUSD BTC USDP ETH USDC LTC USDT EOS DAI XLM TGBP ADA TAUD ALGO TCAD ATOM  VET  LINK 
Initial LTV Percentage
 The initial Loan-to-Value (LTV) percentage is based on your staked CRO. Users who stake more CRO can enjoy a higher LTV Percentage. CRO Staked in Canadian Dollars LTV Percentage Below CAD 5,000 in CRO 30% CAD 5,000 to CAD 49,999 in CRO 40% CAD 50,000 and above in CRO 50%
What is Outstanding Balance?
 Outstanding Balance refers to the amount of your Spending Limit that has been used for purchases and withdrawals plus accrued interest.  Outstanding Balance = Used Balance + Accrued Interest 
How is interest calculated?
 Interest will be calculated based on your Spending Power Used Balance (the amount of your Spending Limit used) and not your entire Spending Limit. Your Used Balance is not subject to any interest charges until 7 days after you use it to make purchases or withdrawals with your Crypto.com Card. After 7 days, 9.99% Annual Interest Rate  will accrue on the Used Balance  until it is paid in full. 
How do I repay the Outstanding Balance?
 You can repay your Outstanding Balance using your Crypto Wallet, Fiat Wallet, or Crypto.com Card Balance.  When a payment occurs, it will first be applied to accrued interest. When all the interest owed is fully repaid (meaning there is no interest owed), your payment will be applied to principal (the amount used). 
Why am I seeing a different transaction amount captured in Spending Power & Card Tab under the same merchant name?
 You would see different transaction amounts captured in Spending Power & Card Tab under the same merchant name when you are trying to perform a transaction but with available Card Top-Ups.  Spending Power Tab: the amount refers to the amount used with the spending limit; Card Tab: the amount refers to the actual spending amount (i.e. amount used with spending limit + amount used with Card Top-Ups); To view the detailed breakdown, you can click on the transaction record in the Spending Power Tab. 
What is the Loan-to-Value (LTV) percentage?
 Loan-to-Value (LTV) percentage refers to the ratio between the Outstanding Balance from your Spending Limit, and the market value of the crypto that’s held as collateral.  LTV = Outstanding Balance / Market Value of Collateral  The percentage is used to monitor Collateral Health. 
What is Collateral Health?
 The market price of collateral continually fluctuates, so the LTV percentage will be constantly changing too. Therefore, as the market price goes down, the collateral may no longer be sufficient to maintain a healthy LTV percentage to cover the amount owed.  Collateral Health is the indicator that monitors the LTV percentage and triggers certain actions, so you can maintain a healthy LTV percentage.  The different Collateral Health thresholds are as follows: LTV Percentage Range  Collateral Health LTV < 60% Good 60 ≤ LTV < 70% Fair 70 ≤ LTV < 80% Poor 80 ≤ LTV< 90% Critical LTV ≥ 90% N/A If your Collateral Health reaches the Poor or Critical threshold, alerts will be triggered and you will be asked to increase the collateral or pay back your Outstanding Balance. When your LTV reaches 90%, your collateral will be liquidated immediately. 
How do I change my collateral selection?
 Go to the Card tab and toggle off Spending Power to disable this service, and pay back your Outstanding Balance, if applicable.  Then, toggle on Spending Power again to select the new crypto you want to use as collateral. 
How do I improve my LTV Percentage?
 Repay a portion or all of the Outstanding Balance via the Spending Power page or add more collateral.
What is the liquidation amount?
 The amount of collateral that will be liquidated will at least be equivalent to your Outstanding Balance. Any collateral liquidated in excess of your Outstanding Balance will be returned to your Fiat Wallet. 
What is the liquidation hierarchy?
 In the event that your collateral is liquidated, the liquidation hierarchy will follow the table below: Rank Coin 1 USDT 2 BTC 3 ETH 4 LTC 5 USDC 6 EOS 7 ADA 8 LINK 9 XLM 10 ATOM 11 VET 12 ALGO 13 DAI 14 TUSD 15 USDP 16 CRO 17 TGBP 18 TAUD 19 TCAD
How do I apply for a virtual card?
 You may follow the steps here to apply for a virtual card in BR. 
When will I get my virtual card?
 Virtual cards would be issued once your card application review is complete. 
What's the difference between a virtual card and a physical card?
 Virtual cards can be used to conduct top-up & online spending while waiting for your physical cards to arrive.  POS and ATM transactions are not supported by virtual cards, these transactions require a physical card. 
How do I get my physical card?
 You will first receive the Virtual Card and can then request to receive the Physical one from the Crypto.com app. You may follow the steps here to activate the physical Crypto.com Visa Card once received.  Tap "Get Now" on the card page after the virtual card has been issued 
Does the virtual card require activation?
 Virtual cards do not require activation. You may use the virtual card instantly for online spending after top-up via the Crypto.com App.  Card activation is only required for the physical card upon arrival. 
How do I activate my physical Crypto.com Visa Card?
 You may follow the steps here to activate the physical Crypto.com Visa Card once received. 
Where can I find my virtual card information?
 Go to your card wallet Click ‘Card’ icon on the upper right corner Click ‘View Card number’
How does card upgrade work?
 You may follow the steps here to request an upgrade. Virtual cards would be issued after the relevant amount of CRO is staked. 
How do I use LoungeKey with my virtual card?
 You can enjoy LoungeKey™ access without presenting a physical card. Follow the steps here to register a membership. A QR code will be available on the LoungeKey™ app for your lounge access. LoungeKey™ staff can scan your QR code at the reception desk to validate your membership. 
Do virtual cards expire?
 Virtual cards will expire like a physical card, the expiration date will be available on the App along with other card information. 
Why are my virtual card's CVV and expiry date different than on my physical card's?
 Once the physical card is activated in the Crypto.com App, the CVV and expiry date will sync and match the information on the physical card. If you have saved your virtual card details before at shopping platforms, please remember to update them. 
Can virtual cards be added to Apple/Samsung/Google pay?
 Currently, virtual cards in BR cannot be added to Apple/Samsung/Google pay but we are working towards enabling this functionality. 
Is there a fee to replace/upgrade a virtual card?
 Replacement / Upgrade fee will only be charged when you request a physical version of the replacement / upgraded card.*  *With the exception of users who don't have a physical card and request a replacement/upgrade only for their virtual card. 
My virtual card was compromised, can I get a new one?
 Please freeze your card in Crypto.com App immediately and reach out to Customer Support to request a replacement virtual card. 
What should I do if the pop-up window does not contain my card information after I click ‘View Card Number’?
 You should close the pop-up window and try to click ‘View Card Number’ again. It could take a few times to successfully load the information when the network is unstable.  Please ensure that VPN is disabled and the mobile device is under good network connection when attempting to view the virtual card information.
Steps on how to top up your Crypto.com Visa Card with crypto:
 Go to the Card tab Tap Top Up Select  cryptocurrency* as your preferred method Input the top-up amount in BRL Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds) *For minimum/maximum limits, please refer to App > Settings > Fees & Limits > Buy/Sell Crypto 
Which cryptocurrencies can be used to top up the Crypto.com Visa Card?
 BTC, ETH, LTC, XRP, TCAD, TUSD, USDT, USDC, ADA, CHZ, DAI, DOGE, ENJ, LINK, MANA, MATIC, TAUD, TGBP, THETA, UNI, VET, ZIL, USDP, PAXG, XLM, DOT, 1INCH, AAVE, ALGO, AMP, ANKR, AR, ARDR, ATOM, AUDIO, AVAX, AXS, BAND, BAT, BCH, BNT, CELR, CKB, COMP, CRV, DASH, DGB, DYDX, EFI, eGLD, ELF, EOS, ETC, FET, FIL, FLOW, FTM, GLM, GRT, HBAR, HNT, HOT, ICP, ICX, INJ, IOST, IOTX, KAVA, KLAY, KNC, KSM, LPT, LRC, LSK, LUNC, MASK, MINA, MKR, NANO, NEAR, NEO, NMR, OCEAN, OGN, OMG, ONE, ONG, ONT, ORN, PENDLE, POLY, QNT, QTUM, RAY, REN, RLC, RSR, RUNE, RVN, SAND, SC, SHIB, SKL, SNX, SOL, STORJ, STRAX, STX, SUSHI, TFUEL, EMA, VTHO, WAVES, WAXP, WBTC, XCH, XTZ, YFI, YGG & ZRX 
Steps on how to top up Crypto.com Visa Card with your Fiat Wallet:
 Go to the Card tab Tap Top Up Select Fiat Wallet* Input the top-up amount in BRL Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds) For information about transferring funds to the Crypto.com App from your bank account, please refer to BRL Bank Transfers.  Note: Please be aware that you cannot transfer money back to your Fiat wallet after you've topped your Crypto.com Visa Card. 
Which fiat currencies are available besides my base currency (BRL)?
 Only BRL is available for Crypto.com Visa Cards issued in Brazil. Visa exchange rates apply for transactions in other currencies.
How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (Brazil)
 Firstly, you will have to open your CRO Wallet in the App and follow the steps mentioned below. Tap Upgrade and follow the guided steps
For cardholders with no CRO staked:
 Go to your CRO Wallet in the App Tap on the Stake button and follow the guided steps Confirm the upgrade by tapping Upgrade  Note: The new CRO stake will reset the timer and another 6-month period will start. Your new Crypto.com Visa Card will have a different number. Please update related payment information accordingly (i.e. Spotify, LoungeKey, etc.) You cannot upgrade your card if your submitted address proof is under review. Please wait for the review to be completed before upgrading. Ensure that your existing Crypto.com Visa Card is not frozen. Funds from your existing card cannot be transferred to your new card if it is frozen.
For cardholders with a NEW delivery address
 Please follow the steps above and contact our Customer Support team with the request for an address change. 
Relevant Articles:
 Crypto.com Visa Card Upgrade - Frequently Asked Questions  Please note that all Brazil Crypto.com Visa Cards will be issued with a randomly generated PIN. 
How to find my PIN?
 The current PIN for your Crypto.com Visa Card can be viewed at any time via your Crypto.com App. Go to the Card tab Tap the card icon (upper right-hand corner) Tap View PIN Complete identity verification
How do I set my own PIN?
 You cannot change your PIN for the Crypto.com Visa Card using ATMs. The PIN for your Crypto.com Visa Card can only be changed via the Crypto.com App: Go to the Card tab Tap the card icon (upper right-hand corner) Tap Reset PIN Complete identity verification Enter your new PIN 
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card via Debit or Credit Card:
 Go to the Card page Tap on Top Up Select Credit Card Tap on Add Credit or Debit Card a. Input all required card informationb. Tap Add Card* Input the top-up amount in AUD Confirm the transaction Please note that a 2% fee is applied when topping up with credit card and 1% with debit card. A 2% fee is applied to all card top-ups via Apple Pay. Please check with your card issuer prior to the transaction if any other fees may apply.  *American Express Cards (AMEX) are not accepted. 
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card with crypto:
 Go to the Card tab Tap Top Up Select cryptocurrency* as your preferred method Input the top-up amount in AUD Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds) *For minimum/maximum limits, please refer to App > Settings > Fees & Limits > Buy/Sell Crypto. 
Which cryptocurrencies can be used to top up the Crypto.com Visa Card?
 BTC, ETH, LTC, XRP, TCAD, TUSD, USDT, USDC, ADA, CHZ, DAI, DOGE, ENJ, LINK, MANA, MATIC, TAUD, TGBP, THETA, UNI, VET, ZIL, USDP, XLM, DOT, 1INCH, AAVE, ALGO, AMP, ANKR, AR, ARDR, ATOM, AUDIO, AVAX, AXS, BAND, BAT, BCH, BNT, CELR, CKB, COMP, CRV, DASH, DGB, DYDX, EFI, eGLD, ELF, EOS, ETC, FET, FIL, FLOW, FTM, GLM, GRT, HBAR, HNT, HOT, ICP, ICX, INJ, IOST, IOTX, KAVA, KLAY, KNC, KSM, LPT, LRC, LSK, LUNC, MASK, MINA, MKR, NANO, NEAR, NEO, NMR, OCEAN, OGN, OMG, ONE, ONG, ONT, ORN, PAXG, PENDLE, POLY, QNT, QTUM, RAY, REN, RLC, RSR, RUNE, RVN, SAND, SC, SHIB, SKL, SNX, SOL, STORJ, STRAX, STX, SUSHI, TFUEL, EMA, VTHO, WAVES, WAXP, WBTC, XCH, XTZ, YFI, YGG & ZRX  For information about transferring funds to the Crypto.com App from your bank account, please refer to AUD Bank Transfers (AUD). 
Topping up my Crypto.com Visa Card with my Fiat Wallet (Not Available For New Zealand Residents Holding Australia - Issued Cards):
 Go to the Card tab Tap Top Up Select Fiat Wallet* Input the top-up amount in AUD Confirm the transaction Note: Please be aware that you cannot transfer money back to your Fiat wallet after you've topped your Crypto.com Visa Card. 
Which fiat currencies are available besides my base currency (AUD)?
 Only AUD is available for Crypto.com Visa Cards issued in Australia. Visa exchange rates apply for transactions in other currencies.
How do I apply for a virtual card?
 You may follow the steps here to apply for a virtual card issued in AU. 
When will I get my virtual card?
 Virtual cards would be issued once your card application review is complete. 
What's the difference between a virtual card and a physical card?
 Virtual cards can be used to conduct top-up & online spending while waiting for your physical cards to arrive.  POS and ATM transactions are not supported by virtual cards, these transactions require a physical card. 
How do I get my physical card?
 You will first receive the Virtual Card and can then request to receive the Physical one from the Crypto.com app. You may follow the steps here to activate the physical Crypto.com Visa Card once received.  Tap "Get Now" on the card page after the virtual card has been issued 
Does the virtual card require activation?
 Virtual cards do not require activation. You may use the virtual card instantly for online spending after top-up via the Crypto.com App.  Card activation is only required for the physical card upon arrival. 
How do I activate my physical Crypto.com Visa Card?
 You may follow the steps here to activate the physical Crypto.com Visa Card once received. 
Where can I find my virtual card information?
 Go to your card wallet Click ‘Card’ icon on the upper right corner Click ‘View Card number’
How does card upgrade work?
 You may follow the steps here to request an upgrade. Virtual cards would be issued after the relevant amount of CRO is staked. 
How do I use LoungeKey with my virtual card?
 You can enjoy LoungeKey™ access without presenting a physical card. Follow the steps here to register a membership. A QR code will be available on the LoungeKey™ app for your lounge access. LoungeKey™ staff can scan your QR code at the reception desk to validate your membership. 
Do virtual cards expire?
 Virtual cards will expire like a physical card, the expiration date will be available on the App along with other card information. 
Why are my virtual card's CVV and expiry date different than on my physical card's?
 Once the physical card is activated in the Crypto.com App, the CVV and expiry date will sync and match the information on the physical card. If you have saved your virtual card details before at shopping platforms, please remember to update them. 
Can virtual cards be added to Apple/Samsung/Google Pay?
 You can link your Crypto.com Visa card to Apple Pay or Google Pay, here is a step-by-step guide on how to do so.  Currently, virtual cards issued in AU cannot be added to Samsung but we are working towards enabling this functionality. 
Is there a fee to replace/upgrade a virtual card?
 Replacement / Upgrade fee will only be charged when you request a physical version of the replacement / upgraded card.*  *With the exception of users who don't have a physical card and request a replacement/upgrade only for their virtual card. 
My virtual card was compromised, can I get a new one?
 Please freeze your card in Crypto.com App immediately and reach out to Customer Support to request a replacement virtual card. 
What should I do if the pop-up window does not contain my card information after I click ‘View Card Number’?
 You should close the pop-up window and try to click ‘View Card Number’ again. It could take a few times to successfully load the information when the network is unstable.  Please ensure that VPN is disabled and the mobile device is under good network connection when attempting to view the virtual card information.
How do I upgrade my Crypto.com Visa Card? (Australia, including New Zealand residents holding Australia - Issued Cards)
 Firstly, you will have to open your CRO Wallet in the App and follow the steps mentioned below. Tap Upgrade and follow the guided steps
For cardholders with no CRO staked:
 Go to your CRO Wallet in the App Tap on the Stake button and follow the guided steps Confirm the upgrade by tapping Upgrade. Note: The new CRO stake will reset the timer and another 6-month period will start. Your new Crypto.com Visa Card will have a different number. Please update related payment information accordingly (i.e. Spotify, LoungeKey, etc.) You cannot upgrade your card if your submitted address proof is under review. Please wait for the review to be completed before upgrading. Ensure that your existing Crypto.com Visa Card is not frozen. Funds from your existing card cannot be transferred to your new card if it is frozen.
For cardholders with a NEW delivery address
 Please follow the steps above and contact our Customer Support team with the request for an address change. 
Relevant Articles:
 Crypto.com Visa Card Upgrade - Frequently Asked Questions All Australia Crypto.com Visa Cards will be issued with a randomly generated PIN. 
Where is my PIN?
 The current PIN for yourCrypto.com Visa Card can be viewed at any time via yourCrypto.com App. Go to the Card tab Tap the card icon (upper right-hand corner) Tap View PIN Complete identity verification
How do I set my own PIN?
 You cannot change your PIN for the Crypto.com Visa Card using ATMs. The PIN for yourCrypto.com Visa Card can only be changed via theCrypto.com App: Go to the Card tab Tap the card icon (upper right-hand corner) Tap Reset PIN Complete identity verification Enter your new PIN
What happens if my Crypto.com Visa Card is lost or damaged?
 Please freeze your Crypto.com Visa Card in the Crypto.com App immediately and contact our support team via in-app/website live chat or email: [email protected]. Please note a replacement card fee may apply. 
How to freeze your Crypto.com Visa Card
 On the Card page, tap on the card icon (upper right-hand corner) 2. Tap Freeze 
Damaged Card
 Please contact our support team via in-app/website live chat or email: [email protected]  There is a chance we will be charging a replacement card fee. Detailed information will be listed in the T&C when the cards are ready to be shipped. 
Card Undeliverable
 If your Crypto.com Visa card is undeliverable to the address that was confirmed during your physical card registration you will receive a notice via email. Upon receiving that notice you will be asked to reach out to us to either confirm your address or update it as needed. 
What protection exists if someone steals my wallet and has the card?
 As a cardholder, you will be able to block it instantly from the Crypto.com App. There are daily velocity limits on the number of transactions and volumes. Suspicious activity (ie. online purchase higher than the customer's average ticket size at a new merchant) is likely to be caught by our processing platform, resulting in declined transactions. Finally, as a cardholder, you will be able to file a chargeback just like you would with your credit card. 
Why is it called a prepaid card and not a debit card?
 For all practical purposes, a prepaid card and a debit card are the same. The difference is that a debit card is linked to your bank account and with a prepaid card you need to top it up first (in our case via a bank account transfer, bank account linking, credit/debit card, or crypto). 
Can I have more than one Crypto.com Visa Card?
 No, we will only be able to issue one card per person. 
Will there be an option for supplementary cards?
 This is a frequently requested feature and we are discussing with our partners how to enable it. 
What is the interbank exchange rate?
 The mid-market rate is the mid-point between the buy and the sell prices of the two currencies to an exchange rate – what the buyer is prepared to pay and what the seller is prepared to sell for. It is also known as the interbank rate. 
Which exchange rate will you use?
 We will have very competitive exchange rates on both Fiat and Cryptocurrency; fees, if any, will be specified in terms and conditions, which we will provide when your card is ready to ship. 
Do Crypto.com Visa Cards have the magnetic strip or just the chip?
 Crypto.com Cards have both the chip and the magnetic strip. 
How does the $50 close account fee work for my Crypto.com Visa Card?
 If there is a balance on your Crypto.com Visa card and you wish to have your funds returned, a $50 fee will be applied to cover the processing costs. Alternatively, you can spend the card’s balance to zero and no fee will incur.  To close your Crypto.com Visa card, please contact our support team via in-app chat or email: [email protected] with the subject: Close Card. If you wish to close your Crypto.com accounts please refer here. Fiat wallets are available in the Crypto.com App for users to deposit & withdraw funds from and to their bank account(s). 
Fiat Wallets
 AUD CAD EUR GBP USD USDC BRL TRY Crypto purchase Recurring Buy Crypto.com Visa Card top-up Sell crypto to fiat Withdraw fiat to your bank account AUD Bank Transfers via NPP Network & BPAY (available for eligible Australian users) CAD Bank Transfers (available for eligible Canada users) EUR bank transfers on the SEPA network GBP Bank Transfers via FPS Network (available for eligible U.K. users) USD bank transfers on the ACH network (available for eligible U.S. users) USD wire bank transfers (available for eligible U.S. users) USDC Global Bank Transfer via SWIFT (App) USDC Global Bank Transfer via SWIFT (Exchange) BRL Bank Transfer via TED/ DOC/PIX Fiat Wallet - AUD Withdrawal Fiat Wallet-Brazilian Fiat Wallet Withdrawal Fiat Wallet - CAD Bank Transfers Fiat Wallet - CAD Withdrawal Fiat Wallet - StraitsX (Singapore) Fiat Wallet - EUR Withdrawal via SEPA Fiat Wallet - EUR Bank Transfers via SEPA Network Fiat Wallet - GBP Fiat Wallet Deposits via Faster Payment Service (FPS) Fiat Wallet - GBP Fiat Wallet Withdrawals via Faster Payment Service (FPS) Fiat Wallet - GBP Deposits from Revolut Fiat Wallet - USD Withdrawal via ACH Fiat Wallet - USD Deposit via Wire Transfer Fiat Wallet - SGD Withdrawal via FAST Network Fiat Wallet - SGD Bank Transfer via FAST Network Fiat Wallet - Early Direct Deposit Fiat Wallet - TRY Bank Transfers Fiat Wallet - TRY Withdrawals     Crypto.com now offers a zero-fee* and localized way for Australian residents to top up their AUD wallet** via NPP (PayID) or BPAY from their bank accounts - local payment channels trusted by many in Australia.  *Please note that Crypto.com charges no fee for AUD deposits via NPP/BPAY but your bank might apply a processing fee.  **Requires app version 3.65 or higher 
How to set up my AUD wallet?
 Go to “Fiat Wallet” from Super App Menu Button Tap on the “+ Set Up New Currency” button Setup AUD Read and accept the Terms and Conditions for your AUD wallet Choose your preferred payment channel - NPP or BPAY to see the respective bank transfer details Use the bank account info provided to transfer directly through your bank via the selected channel Please remember to include your customer reference number on all reference/description fields in your payment instruction. This is the only way our team can identify and verify your deposit. Funds might be lost if the unique reference number is missing. Different banks have different reference fields on their internet banking but to be safe please include your customer reference number on all available fields Some banks require your unique reference number in both a "Description" and "Reference" fields. Please contact your bank for more details. We will notify you once your bank transfer has been successfully deposited. 1. Go to "Fiat Wallet" from the Super App menu button 2. Tap on "+ Set Up New Currency" 3. Accept the T&C 4. Choose your preferred payment channel - NPP or BPAYto see the bank transfer details
How to deposit AUD?
 Upon successful setup of the AUD wallet, you will see an information page with all the details necessary to transfer AUD from your bank account. This information can be also assessed via the “Deposit AUD” button in your AUD Fiat Wallet. Please keep in mind that for both bank transfers via NPP/BPAY - We do not accept AUD transfers via 3rd party payments processing companies (e.g. Western Union, Wise), the deposits must be initiated directly from your bank accounts Only AUD transfers from bank accounts bearing the same name as you used to register Crypto.com App will be accepted. AUD transfers must be funded by a debit-based account. Please note that Crypto.com does not allow bank transfers sent from credit accounts or from third parties.
New Payment Platform (NPP)
 You can access the NPP network via your bank’s web portal or mobile application. Once you have logged in, you can proceed with the deposit using the following information: PayID [email protected] Customer Reference Number Your unique reference number is located in the AUD wallet > Deposit screen Please remember to include your customer reference number on all reference/description fields in your payment instruction. This is the only way our team can identify and verify your deposit. Funds might be lost if the unique reference number is missing. Different banks have different reference fields on their internet banking but to be safe please include your customer reference number on all available fields Some banks require your unique reference number in both a "Description" and "Reference" fields. Please contact your bank for more details. 
BPAY
 You can access BPay via Osko App or your bank’s web portal. Once you have logged in, you can proceed with the deposit using the following information: Biller Code 800185 Customer Reference Number Your unique reference number is located in the AUD wallet > Deposit screen Please remember to include your customer reference number on all reference/description fields in your payment instruction. This is the only way our team can identify and verify your deposit. Funds might be lost if the unique reference number is missing. Different banks have different reference fields on their internet banking but to be safe please include your customer reference number on all available fields Some banks require your unique reference number in both a "Description" and "Reference" fields. Please contact your bank for more details.
What are the deposit limits and processing time?
 There are deposit restrictions imposed by different payment channels: Channel Per Deposit / Daily Limit Monthly Limit Processing time NPP Min per deposit: $20 AUD Max: $1,000,000 AUD No limit 1-4 business days BPAY Min per deposit: $50 AUD Max: $10,000 AUD Max: $300,000 AUD 3-5 business days
Troubleshooting
 There are a few things to remember when making a bank transfer to your Crypto.com App: Your Named Account: We can only accept transfers from bank accounts opened under your own name. 3rd party transfers (e.g. payments from your customers, salary transferred by your employer, etc.) will not be accepted. Specifically, we will not accept transfers from crypto exchanges (e.g. Kraken, Bittrex, etc.). Processing Time: Although BPAY and NPP offer seamless fund transfer experiences, please take note that the transfer processing times for both channels are quite different. NPP requires 1-4 business days and BPAY requires 3-5 business days for the funds to arrive in your account, especially if you’re transferring money to your app for the first time. If you don’t see the funds in your app by that time, please email our support at [email protected] or use the in-app/website chat (you can find it in the Settings section). Common Issues: The most common reasons for your transfer being on hold are: the name of your bank account does not fully match your name on our record you sent the funds from a joint account your transfer was not made from a bank, but a payments processing company (e.g. Western Union, Wise, etc.) your transfer was not an AUD NPP/BPAY transfer or came from an unsupported institution (e.g. a crypto exchange) When contacting our support, please be ready to provide us with supporting documents (e.g. a bank statement) showing your full name, the bank account you made the transfer from, and - ideally - the transaction itself. Although NPP/BPAY transfers are free, your bank may charge you fees. Please check with your bank before proceeding. Crypto.com users can withdraw fiat from the app by selling crypto to their AUD wallet and transferring AUD funds from this wallet to their bank account(s).  Due to compliance regulations, users are required to have at least one successful AUD deposit via NPP to Crypto.com App before we can transfer AUD funds back to the same bank account. 
How to sell Crypto to Fiat?
 Open the Crypto.com app Tap on "Accounts" Select "Fiat Wallet" Select "Sell Crypto" Select the cryptocurrency you'd like to convert to Fiat. Select the 'Cash' option. On the Fiat Wallet window, you can enter the amount you wish to convert. (If you tap on the field where you enter the amount, the app will suggest the maximum amount you can sell.) You will see a confirmation window showing the actual current value of the coin in fiat money for 15 seconds. Please pay attention to that window as it shows the amount of fiat money you are getting for the coin at that time.
How to submit an AUD withdrawal request?
 Go to “Fiat Wallet” from Super App Menu Button or the Accounts Menu. Tap “Transfer” > “Withdraw” > “AUD” Tap on your AUD balance and “Withdraw AUD” Browse through the submission process and withdrawal limits then tap on “Withdraw Now” Insert your withdrawal amount and select the bank account you are withdrawing funds to Review and confirm the withdrawal request Wait for our internal review and we will notify you once the withdrawal is processed Note: If 2FA is not enabled, it will not be requested for Fiat withdrawals. If a customer has 2FA enabled, a 2FA process needs to be completed when the customer attempts to initiate a withdrawal. 
How long does it take to see the withdrawal funds in my bank account?
 All withdrawal requests are subject to an internal review that can take from 2 to 4 business days (We will notify you via email and push notifications after our internal review). Once the internal review is completed, we use the NPP network as the default channel for transferring funds back to your bank account, which typically takes 1 business day to process. However, for those accounts that reside in banks that do not support NPP transfers, we will use Direct Entry to transfer AUD back to your account, which typically takes 2-4 business days to complete the transfer.
Why is AUD withdrawal not ready for me yet?
 Due to compliance regulations, users are required to have at least one successful AUD deposit via NPP network to Crypto.com before we are permitted to transfer AUD funds back to the same bank account.  You may activate this in two ways: Setting up AUD wallet via NPP Deposit any amount in AUD via NPP once to register your bank account
Why am I not able to submit my withdrawal request?
 If you are seeing the “AUD Withdrawal is not ready for you yet” screen, please refer to the previous question above.  If you’re able to insert the withdrawal amount but not submit the request, it is likely that you have reached your daily/monthly maximum withdrawal limits.  Minimum Daily Monthly NPP/Direct Entry AUD $100 / request Maximum: AUD $200,000/ day (24-hr rolling) Maximum: AUD $1,000,000/ month (30-day rolling)
Which coins can be sold to AUD?
 All tokens that support deposit and withdrawal are allowed to be sold into AUD. Crypto.com users can now easily deposit and withdraw Brazilian Reals (BRL) using three trusted local bank transfer methods: TED, DOC, and PIX.  *Crypto.com does not charge fees for BRL deposits via TED/DOC/PIX, but your bank may apply a processing fee. Please reach out to your banking institution for more information. 
How do I set up my BRL fiat wallet?
 You can set up your BRL Fiat Wallet by following the steps below: Select ‘Fiat Wallet’ via the Super App Menu Tap ‘+ Set Up New Currency’ > ‘Brazilian Reals’ Read and accept the Terms and Conditions Provide your CPF number Enter your residential address After you submit your application, we may require you to provide additional supporting documents. We will notify you via the App once your application is approved. Please reach out to our Customer Service Team via the in-app chat if you have any questions. 
How do I deposit BRL funds?
 Once your BRL Fiat Wallet is set up, you can deposit funds using the following transfer methods: Method Availability TED Electronic Funds Transfer Business days from 00:00 to 16:30 GMT-3 DOC Credit Transfer Business days from 00:00 to 16:30 GMT-3 PIX Instant Transfer 24 hours, 7 days a week It takes an average of 2 to 4 business days for processed funds to be reflected in your BRL Fiat Wallet.  Please be aware that you must use your own bank account to make deposits. We will use the CPF number associated with your bank account to identify your transfers, and deposits from unrecognized CPF numbers will be rejected and returned.  Please note that you must enter your CPF number in the reference section of the deposit if you are transferring funds from a joint account as a secondary account holder.  Important: We only accept funds from checking and savings accounts. Deposits from other account types—including but not limited to institutional bank accounts and third-party payment processors (e.g. TransferWise)—will be rejected. 
TED & DOC Deposits
 Please use the information below to initiate transfers from your bank account: Account Holder Name Foris GFS Limitada BR Account Number 4841-0 Account Type Checking Account Bank Name Banco Genial S.A. Bank Code 125 ISPB 45246410 Agency 0001 CNPJ 39.993.186/0001-62 Scan PIX's Crypto.com Merchant QR code Enter Crypto.com’s CNPJ number as a PIX key Some banking institutions may ask for additional information regarding the merchant’s beneficiary account for PIX transfers. You can share the information below where necessary: Account Holder Name Foris GFS Limitada BR CNPJ 39.993.186/0001-62 Bank Code 125 Agency 0001 Account Type Checking Account
Deposit Limits
 Minimum (per transaction): BRL 100 Monthly Maximum: BRL 1,000,000 (30-day rolling) OR 30 Transactions
How to sell Crypto to Fiat?
 Please follow the steps below to sell crypto to Fiat: Open the Crypto.com app Tap on "Accounts" Select "Fiat Wallet" Select "Sell Crypto" Select the cryptocurrency you'd like to convert to Fiat. Select the 'Cash' option. On the Fiat Wallet window, you can enter the amount you wish to convert. (If you tap on the field where you enter the amount, the app will suggest the maximum amount you can sell.) You will see a confirmation window showing the actual current value of the coin in fiat money for 15 seconds. Please pay attention to that window as it shows the amount of fiat money you are getting for the coin at that time.
How do I withdraw my funds?
 For regulatory reasons, you can only withdraw to the bank account that you used to deposit the funds, and the transfer method must also be the same. Please follow the steps below to initiate a withdrawal request: Open the Crypto.com App and go to the Accounts page or tap the Super App Menu Button Tap "Fiat Wallet" → “Transfer” → “Withdraw” → “BRL”; Select the BRL balance and tap “Withdraw BRL”; Review the submission process and withdrawal limits, and tap “Withdraw Now”; Insert the withdrawal amount and select the bank account you are withdrawing funds to; Review and confirm the withdrawal request; We will notify you once the withdrawal is processed. Please note that it usually takes 1 business day for the processed funds to be reflected in your bank account, however, it might take longer in exceptional situations due to technical reasons. In such cases, our customer service team will be always available to provide you with the proper support. 
Withdrawal Channels
 To guarantee the successful withdrawal of your funds, please make sure that your banking institution supports your selected transfer method. You can withdraw to your bank account using the same transfer method you used to deposit the funds into your Fiat Wallet. If you deposited funds using You will be able to withdraw funds using TED/ DOC TED PIX PIX
Withdrawal Limits
 Minimum (per request): BRL 100 Monthly Maximum: BRL 500,000 (30-day rolling) OR 20 Transactions Crypto.com now offers a zero-fee* and localized way for Canadian residents to top up their CAD wallets via e-transfer through their bank accounts.  *Please note that Crypto.com charges no fee for CAD deposits but your bank might apply a processing fee.  Note: Requires App Version 3.84 iOS/Android or later 
How to set up my CAD wallet?
 Go to “Fiat Wallet” from Super App Menu Button Tap on the “+ Set Up New Currency” button Setup CAD Enter your residential address, source of funds, and occupation* *You may be requested to upload a proof of address 
How to deposit CAD?
 Upon successful setup of the CAD wallet, you will see an information page with all the details necessary to transfer CAD from your bank account. This information can be also accessed via the “Deposit CAD” button in your CAD Fiat Wallet. Use the email provided to transfer directly through your bank Enter your identification number (located in the deposit screen) in the message/ description field for us to identify your deposit. Example:  3. We will notify you once your bank transfer has been successfully deposited Requires App Version 3.84 iOS/Android or later Only CAD transfers from bank accounts bearing the same name as you used to register Crypto.com App will be accepted We currently only accept transfers from banks that support Autodeposit, refer to the list below. Non-Autodeposits will not be processed and refunds will take up to 30 days to appear in your bank account.
What if I forgot to enter the Identification Number?
 If you forgot to enter the Identification Number in the message field when making the deposit, simply navigate to the Blue Box of the Deposit page and tap ‘Enter here’  1. Enter the 8 digit alphanumeric reference number which begins with CA (not the same as the Identification Number) that you received via email or bank alert 2. We will notify you once your bank transfer has been successfully deposited 
How to locate my reference number for CAD deposits?
 After completing the deposit from your sending bank, you should receive either:  1. An email in your inbox (to the email address registered with your sending bank) that contains your 8 digit alphanumeric reference number(it is case sensitive).  Email sample below: It may take up to 30 minutes to receive this email from your bank. Please also check your spam folder.  OR  2. A message/notification in your sending bank’s message center in your online banking account (if you have turned off email notifications from your sending bank) that contains your 8 digit alphanumeric reference number(it is case sensitive).  If you are unable to locate your reference number, please contact us via live chat or [email protected]. We will be able to help recover your reference number.  Note: You only need to enter the Reference Number if you forgot to include the Identification Number in the message field when making your deposit. 
What are the deposit limits and processing time?
 Max. Balance for Fiat Wallet is: CAD$100,000 Min. deposit per transaction: CAD$20 Fiat Wallet Daily Limit Daily Transaction Limit Monthly Limit Monthly Transactions Limit Processing time  Deposit $25,000 10 $ 1,000,000 30 1 business day **All in $CAD 
Troubleshooting
 There are a few things to remember when making a bank transfer to your Crypto.com App: Your Named Account: We can only accept transfers from bank accounts opened under your own name. 3rd party transfers (e.g. payments from your customers, salary transferred by your employer, etc.) will not be accepted. Specifically, we will not accept transfers from crypto exchanges (e.g. Kraken, Bittrex, etc.). Processing Time: It will take up to 1 business day to process your deposit. If you don’t see the funds in your app by that time, please email our support at [email protected] or use the in-app/website chat (you can find it in the Settings section). Common Issues: The most common reasons for your transfer being on hold are: the name of your bank account does not fully match your name on our record you sent the funds from a joint account your transfer was not made from a bank, but a payments processing company your transfer was not a CAD transfer or came from an unsupported institution (e.g. a crypto exchange) You did not enter a correct identification number or reference number We currently only accept transfers from banks that support Autodeposit, refer to the list below. Non-Autodeposits won't be processed and refunds will take up to 30 days to appear in your bank account. Please contact us via live chat or [email protected] if you do not receive your unique reference number via email or bank alert.  When contacting our support, please be ready to provide us with supporting documents (e.g. a bank statement) showing your full name, the bank account you made the transfer from, and - ideally - the transaction itself. Your bank may charge you transaction fees. Please check with your bank before proceeding.
Banks that support Autodeposit
After completing the deposit from your sending bank, you should receive either:
 1. An email in your inbox (to the email address registered with your sending bank) that contains your 6-10 digit alphanumeric reference number. Email sample below.   It may take up to 30 minutes to receive this email from your bank. Please also check your spam folder.  OR:  2. A message/notification in your sending bank’s message center in your online banking account (if you have turned off email notifications from your sending bank) that contains your 6-10 digit alphanumeric reference number  If you are unable to locate your reference number or it's not received via email/bank alert, please contact us via live chat or [email protected]. We will be able to help recover your reference number.  Note: You only need to enter the Reference Number if you forgot to include the Identification Number in the message field when making your deposit 
Banks that support Autodeposit
 Your bank may charge you transaction fees. Please check with your bank before proceeding. Crypto.com users can withdraw fiat from the app by selling crypto to their CAD wallet and transferring CAD funds from this wallet to their bank account(s).  *Please note that Crypto.com charges no fee for CAD withdrawals but your bank might apply a processing fee. 
How to sell Crypto to Fiat?
 Open the Crypto.com app Tap on "Accounts" Select "Fiat Wallet" Select "Sell Crypto" Select the cryptocurrency you'd like to convert to Fiat. Select the 'Cash' option. On the Fiat Wallet window, you can enter the amount you wish to convert. (If you tap on the field where you enter the amount, the app will suggest the maximum amount you can sell.) You will see a confirmation window showing the actual current value of the coin in fiat money for 15 seconds. Please pay attention to that window as it shows the amount of fiat money you are getting for the coin at that time.
How to set up CAD withdrawal?
 Go to “Fiat Wallet” from Super App Menu Button or the Accounts Menu. Tap “Transfer” > “Withdraw” > “CAD” Tap on your CAD balance and “Withdraw CAD” Confirm email used for withdrawal. Make sure the email address matches the one tied to your bank account. Enter a name and phone number Wait for our internal review and we will notify you once the withdrawal is set up
How to withdraw CAD?
 Go to “Fiat Wallet” from Super App Menu Button or the Accounts Menu. Tap “Transfer” > “Withdraw” > “CAD” Tap on your CAD balance and “Withdraw CAD” Browse through the submission process and withdrawal limits then tap on “Withdraw Now” Insert your withdrawal amount, select the email you are withdrawing funds to and input your Security Question & Answer Review and confirm the withdrawal request Wait for our internal review and we will notify you once the withdrawal is processed
What are the withdrawal limits?
 Max. Balance for Fiat Wallet is: CAD$100,000 Min. withdrawal per transaction: CAD$100 Fiat Wallet Daily Limit Daily Transaction Limit Monthly Limit Monthly Transaction Limit Lead Time Withdrawal CAD 25,000 10 CAD 775,000 30 2 business days **All in $CAD Bank transfers via SEPA Network are a relatively inexpensive way to transfer funds into the Crypto.com App. 
How to set up my EUR fiat wallet?
 Go to “Fiat Wallet” from Super App Menu Button ORFrom the homepage, Tap “Transfer” > “Deposit” > “Fiat” Tap on the “+ Set Up New Currency” button Setup EUR (SEPA) Complete the EUR wallet set-up as per the SEPA network instructions and T&C acceptance Use the bank account info provided to transfer directly through your bank via the SEPA network We will notify you once your bank transfer has been successfully deposited
How to deposit EUR?
 Upon successful setup of the SEPA bank transfer account, you will see an information page with all the details necessary to transfer EUR from your bank account.  This information can be also accessed via the “Transfer” button in your EUR fiat wallet.  Please keep in mind that only SEPA transfers from bank accounts bearing your name will be accepted. The information needed consists of: Beneficiary name - the legal name you used to register in our app (this must be your full name, as registered in your personal bank account) IBAN - this is your IBAN. BIC/SWIFT code - some banks require it to transfer the money Institution name, address, and country - not all banks require this info, but if they do, please use the details provided here Please allow 2-5 business days for the funds to arrive in your account.  Note: Only SEPA transfers from bank accounts bearing your name will be accepted. No third-party deposits are allowed. There may be slight differences in the details required by banks, but the information you have here will be sufficient for all of them. 
How to purchase crypto with your EUR fiat wallet?
 Funds in your EUR Wallet can be used to purchase crypto in the Crypto.com App.  Once the funds are in (you will receive an in-app notification and an email), you can purchase crypto by: Tap the Buy button on the homepage Selecting the crypto you wish to buy Tap on Fiat Wallet Select EUR
Troubleshooting
 There are a few things to remember when making a bank transfer to your Crypto.com App: EUROs: Only EUR SEPA** transfers will be accepted. A EUR transfer initiated from outside of SEPA will not be successful, and substantial fees for international transfer may be imposed on your funds. Your Named Account: We can only accept transfers from bank accounts opened under your own name. 3rd party transfers (e.g. payments from your customers, salary transferred by your employer, etc.) will not be accepted. Specifically, we will not accept transfers from crypto exchanges (e.g. Kraken, Bittrex, etc.). Processing Time: Although SEPA transfers are very fast (usually the same or the next day), please allow 2-5 business days for the funds to arrive in your account, especially if you’re transferring money to your app for the first time. If you don’t see the funds in your app by that time, please use the in-app/website chat (you can find it in the Settings section) or email our support at [email protected]. Common Issues: The most common reasons for your transfer being on hold (i.e. not reaching your app within 2-5 business days), are: the name of your bank account does not fully match your name on our record you sent the funds from a joint account your transfer was not a SEPA transfer or came from an unsupported institution (e.g. a crypto exchange) your transfer was not made from a bank, but a payments processing company (e.g. Stripe, Wise, etc.) When contacting our support, please be ready to provide us with supporting documents (e.g. a bank statement) showing your full name, the bank account you made the transfer from, and - ideally - the transaction itself. Although SEPA transfers are free, your bank may charge you fees, specifically if you’re initiating your SEPA transfer from a non-EUR account. Please check with your bank, before proceeding. ** https://www.ecb.europa.eu/paym/integration/retail/sepa/html/index.en.html Crypto.com users can withdraw fiat from their App by selling crypto to their EUR wallet and transferring EUR funds from this wallet to their bank account(s) in SEPA  Due to compliance regulations, users are required to have at least one successful EUR deposit via SEPA to Crypto.com App before we are permitted to transfer EUR funds back to the same bank account. 
How to sell Crypto to Fiat?
 Open the Crypto.com app Tap on "Accounts" Select "Fiat Wallet" Select "Sell Crypto" Select the cryptocurrency you'd like to convert to Fiat. Select the 'Cash' option. On the Fiat Wallet window, you can enter the amount you wish to convert. (If you tap on the field where you enter the amount, the app will suggest the maximum amount you can sell.) You will see a confirmation window showing the actual current value of the coin in fiat money for 15 seconds. Please pay attention to that window as it shows the amount of fiat money you are getting for the coin at that time.
How to submit a EUR withdrawal request?
 Go to “Fiat Wallet” from Super App Menu Button or the Accounts Menu. Tap “Transfer” > “Withdraw” > “Fiat”  2. Tap on your EUR balance and “Withdraw EUR”  3. Browse through the submission process and withdrawal limits then tap on “Withdraw Now”. 4. Insert your withdrawal amount and select the bank account you are withdrawing funds to. 5. Review and confirm the withdrawal request. 6. Wait for our internal review and we will notify you once the withdrawal is processed. 
How long does it take to see the withdrawal funds in my bank account?
 Internal review: 3-5 working days (We will notify you via email and push notifications after our internal review). Actual payment processing: 1-2 working days (Your Crypto.com transaction record will be shown as processed when withdrawal payment is sent to your bank account).
What is the fee to withdraw EUR from my Fiat Wallet in the Crypto.com App?
 Crypto.com charges no fee for EUR withdrawal via SEPA Network but your bank may apply a processing fee. 
Which cryptocurrencies can I sell to EUR?
 You can see which cryptocurrencies are able to be sold to EUR by opening the Crypto.com App, tapping on "Trade", and then "Sell". 
Why is EUR withdrawal not ready for me yet?
 Due to compliance regulations, users are required to have at least one successful EUR deposit via SEPA network to Crypto.com before we are permitted to transfer EUR funds back to the same bank account.  You may activate this by: Setting up EUR wallet via SEPA Deposit any amount in EUR via SEPA once to register your bank account* *Banks from these countries are not supported for EUR withdrawals: Andorra, Cayman Islands, Cyprus, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Isle of Man, Jersey, Liechtenstein, Malta, Monaco 
Why am I not able to submit my withdrawal request?
 If you are seeing the “EUR Withdrawal is not ready for you yet” screen, please refer to the previous question above.  If you’re able to insert the withdrawal amount but not submit the request, it is likely that you have reached your daily/monthly maximum withdrawal limits. 
Withdrawal Limits
 Minimum (per request): EUR 80 Daily Maximum (24-hour rolling): EUR 100,000 Monthly Maximum (30-day rolling): EUR 500,000
What are the new changes?
 Xfers has renamed the Xfers Wallet to StraitsX Personal Account and introduced a new token logo for the StraitsX Singapore Dollar (XSGD). All balances in your StraitsX account will now be reflected as XSGD. Your funds have been converted from SGD to XSGD at a 1:1 ratio. No fees will be incurred for the SGD to XSGD conversion on the StraitsX platform.  There are no changes to the list of supported cryptocurrencies that you can purchase using the XSGD in your StraitsX Personal Account. They include BTC, ETH, BCH, LTC, XRP, CRO, USDC and BNB.  The XSGD balance in your Fiat Wallet reflects the XSGD that’s available in your StraitsX Personal Account. Please note that this amount may be different from the XSGD balance in your Crypto Wallet. For more information about these updates, please visit https://straitsx.com/. 
What is StraitsX?
 StraitsX is a Singapore-based payment processing gateway offering credit card processing and Internet banking transfers. Visithttps://straitsx.com/ to find out more. The StraitsX Wallet is regarded as a Widely Accepted Stored Value Facility under Singapore law. In partnership with StraitsX, an approved bank has undertaken full liability for the stored value. 
Who can use StraitsX?
 Singapore users with residence-based ID documents issued by the Singapore government and a Singapore phone number can use StraitsX. 
Which version of the Crypto.com App supports StraitsX?
 App version iOS 3.115, or Android 3.115, is required and you must be a Singapore user. 
What fiat currency does it support?
 XSGD 
How does it work?
 Have a fully verified StraitsX account (Sign up and complete the StraitsX KYC process if you don’t already have one)  After connecting StraitsX to your Crypto.com App account, you’ll be able to use the funds in your StraitsX account to purchase crypto as well as withdraw XSGD back by selling your crypto.
How to connect StraitsX to the Crypto.com App?
 Go to Accounts > Fiat Wallet in the Crypto.com App Verify your phone number with StraitsX StraitsX will send a 6-digit one-time password (OTP) to your registered Crypto.com App account phone number Enter this OTP in the text field and click  ‘Verify Phone Number’ Once your phone number is verified, your StraitsX account information and digital wallet balance will be displayed You will see a confirmation screen when your StraitsX account has been successfully connected to the Crypto.com App If you do not have a StraitsX account, you will be directed to create one on StraitsX after the phone verification process If you have a StraitsX account, but the information (e.g. legal full name, date of birth, etc.) does not match with your Crypto.com account, then the connection will need to be manually reviewed
How to buy crypto with your StraitsX wallet?
 After successfully connecting your Crypto.com App account to StraitsX, you can proceed to buy crypto using your XSGD funds by: Tap Buy Select a supported cryptocurrency* Choose Fiat Wallet Select your XSGD StraitsX account *Supported cryptocurrencies include: BTC, ETH, BCH, LTC, XRP, CRO, USDC and BNB 
Why is my connection with StraitsX pending/rejected?
 There are 2 potential reasons: Your StraitsX account is not verified. Please log in viahttps://straitsx.xfers.com/ to complete the verification process.  Your StraitsX account information is not the same as your Crypto.com account information. In this case, please update the information below in your StraitsX account to match that of your Crypto.com App account and try again. Full name Date of birth Email address Phone number
How long does it take to buy crypto with my StraitsX Wallet?
 Crypto transactions in the Crypto.com App are instant. 
What are the fees for using StraitsX in the Crypto.com App?
 Buy crypto with StraitsX: 0.5% Sell crypto to StraitsX: 0.5%
What are the daily/monthly StraitsX limits?
 Buy crypto - XSGD 5,000 per transaction and XSGD 30,000 per year Sell crypto-  XSGD 20,000 per day* or USD 500,000 per month *This daily limit is shared with the total Crypto.com App withdrawal daily limit of USD 100,000. 
How to sell crypto to StraitsX?
 After successfully connecting your Crypto.com App account to your StraitsX account, you can proceed to sell crypto by: Tap Sell Select a supported cryptocurrency* Choose Fiat Wallet Select your XSGD StraitsX account *Supported cryptocurrencies include: BTC, ETH, BCH, LTC, XRP, CRO, USDC and BNB
Can I top up my Crypto.com Visa Card using StraitsX?
 We are working to introduce this feature—stay tuned! 
I have more questions about StraitsX, where can I find the answers?
 StraitsX FAQ -https://support.straitsx.com/hc/en-us StraitsX Website -https://straitsx.com/ Crypto.com now offers Singapore residents a zero-fee* and localized method to top up their SGD Wallet using their bank accounts via the FAST network. FAST is a quick and secure payment channel, trusted by financial institutions in Singapore.  *Please note that while Crypto.com charges no fees for SGD deposits via the FAST network, your bank and/or their intermediary bank(s) may apply a processing fee. 
How do I set up my SGD Wallet?
 Activating your SGD Wallet requires you to verify your bank account by making a deposit. Follow the steps below to set up your SGD Wallet and link your bank account via the FAST Network: Go to ‘Fiat Wallet’ from the Super App Menu Tap ‘+ Set Up New Currency’ Select ‘Singapore Dollar’ Read and accept the Terms and Conditions Review information on depositing to Crypto.com’s bank account Access your bank account via online banking Copy the deposit information below from the Crypto.com App and input the information as the beneficiary details in the transfer instructions required by your bank Select FAST network Confirm and process the payment Below is the deposit information from the App that you will need to input as the beneficiary details in your bank’s transfer instructions: Bank Name Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited Bank Account Number Virtual account number unique assigned to each customer Account Holder Name Foris DAX Asia Pte. Ltd. Payment Network FAST Only deposits via the FAST network are accepted. If you made a deposit via GIRO or MEPS, kindly reach out to us via the in-app chat or at [email protected] with your proof of payment to initiate a refund. 
Why do I need to link my bank account?
 Linking your bank account enables Crypto.com to protect your account against fraudulent activities. We only accept funds that come from bank accounts that are in your name and match with the name of your App account. Any funds from a bank account that does not match your name will be rejected and refunded. 
I have been asked to provide additional information/documents for linking my bank account. How do I proceed?
 You might be asked to provide additional information/documents (i.e. proof of payment or bank statement) to match your bank account to the records provided to us. Please note that the documents need to meet the following criteria: Issued in the past 90 days Clearly shows the bank account holder’s full name, account number, and the bank name These criteria also apply to the case of funds coming from a joint account, where you may be requested to provide additional records to ensure that you are one of the account holders in the joint account. Please allow one to two business days for our team to process your document. Once your bank account has been verified that it belongs to you, your funds will be automatically credited to your SGD Wallet.  Important: Your funds will be refunded if no document is submitted within seven days of the notification. You can then initiate another deposit using the same bank account or use another bank account. 
What happens if my bank account is rejected?
 Unfortunately, we would not be able to accept funds from bank accounts that have failed verification. Any funds that were deposited from a rejected bank account will be refunded to the originating bank account. 
How long does it take for my funds to be credited?
 The FAST network offers near-instant settlements. Once we have received the funds, we will instantly credit the funds into your SGD Wallet in a few minutes.  For funds coming from new bank accounts, we would verify the bank account before crediting the funds. After you have submitted all the necessary documents, it may take up to two business days for the funds to be credited. 
Can I use more than one bank account to deposit?
 Yes, you may use up to five bank accounts for your SGD Wallet. 
Are there any deposit limits?
 Yes, there is a deposit limit of SGD 200,000 per transaction. Any amount of deposits per transaction that exceeds this limit will be refunded back to the originating bank account. 
Do you accept funds from third-party payment processors?
 No, we do not accept funds from third-party payment processors (e.g. Wise Inc.). Please use a bank account that is in your own name. 
What can I do with the funds in my SGD Wallet?
 You can purchase crypto using the available funds in your wallet, or sell your crypto and convert it to SGD. 
What are the differences between the StraitsX Wallet and SGD Wallet?
  SGD Wallet StraitsX Wallet Custody Crypto.com StraitsX Settlement currency SGD XSGD Deposit Limits Maximum: SGD 200,000 per transaction Please refer to StraitsX’s personal account instructions. Withdrawal Limits Daily Maximum: SGD 200,000 per day  Monthly Maximum: SGD 2,700,000 per month  Purchase Limits Buy Limits Daily: SGD 680,000 per day, 50 times/day Monthly: SGD 680,000 per month, 300 times/month  30,000 of XSGD per year Sell Limits Sell Limits Daily: 680,000 SGD per day, 50 times/day Monthly: 680,000 SGD per month, 300 times/month  Fees Free Buy crypto with StraitsX: 0.5%  Sell crypto to StraitsX: 0.5% Crypto.com users can withdraw fiat funds from the App by converting crypto into SGD, and then transferring the funds in their SGD Wallet to their bank account(s). 
How to sell Crypto to Fiat?
 Open the Crypto.com app Tap on "Accounts" Select "Fiat Wallet" Select "Sell Crypto" Select the cryptocurrency you'd like to convert to Fiat. Select the 'Cash' option. On the Sell screen, you can enter the amount you wish to convert. (If you tap on the field where you enter the amount, the app will suggest the maximum amount you can sell.) You will see a confirmation window showing the actual current value of the coin in fiat money for 15 seconds. Please pay attention to that window as it shows the amount of fiat money you are getting for the coin at that time. 
How can I withdraw my funds back to my bank account?
 Go to your Fiat Wallet from the Super App Menu. Tap Transfer > Withdraw > SGD In your SGD balance, tap Withdraw SGD Review the withdrawal process and tap Withdraw Now Input the withdrawal amount and select the bank account you are withdrawing funds to Review and confirm the withdrawal request We will notify you once the withdrawal is processed
Which bank account(s) can I use to withdraw my funds?
 You are only permitted to withdraw to bank accounts that you have used to deposit funds into the Crypto.com App. 
Are there any withdrawal limits?
 Daily Withdrawal Limit SGD 200,000 per day Monthly Withdrawal Limit SGD 2,700,000 per month Minimum Withdrawal Amount SGD 50
How long does it take for my funds to arrive in my bank account?
 Please allow one to two business days for us to process your withdrawal request. Once approved, the funds will be sent to your bank account right away. Crypto.com App users in the UK can now easily deposit and withdraw GBP using the Faster Payments Service (FPS). 
How do I set up my GBP Fiat Wallet?
 You can set up your GBP Fiat Wallet by following the steps below: Select ‘Fiat Wallet’ via the Super App Menu; Tap ‘+ Set Up New Currency’ > ‘British Pound’; Read and accept the Fiat Wallet Terms and Conditions; Provide your UK residential address* and submit your application. *Your residential address will be auto-populated if it was verified for your Crypto.com Visa Card application. Please update the address if necessary.  After you submit your application, we may require you to provide additional supporting documents. We will notify you via the App once your application is approved. 
How do I deposit GBP funds?
 Once you have successfully set up your GBP Fiat Wallet, you will be provided with the FPS bank transfer details to make GBP deposits.  Please use the information below to initiate the transfer(s) from your own bank account: Bank Name BCB Payments Ltd Account Holder Name Foris DAX MT Limited Sort Code 04-05-41 Account Number 00002490 Unique Code (unique to each user, visible in the GBP fiat wallet section)  You must ALWAYS include this code in the reference field of your transfer! Address 5 Merchant Square London, W2 1AS United Kingdom For ease of access, this information (including the unique reference code) can be seen from the (Deposit -> Fiat -> GBP -> FPS) fiat wallet section and can be sent to your email address.  We will use your unique code in the reference section of the transfer to identify and credit your deposits automatically.  Please be aware of the following regarding GBP deposits: Allow up to 3 business days for your deposit to be reflected in your GBP Fiat Wallet. Ensure you have included the correct unique code in the reference section of the transfer. Incorrect or missing unique codes will result in delayed access to funds or a return of funds to the sending bank account. We accept GBP transfers from bank accounts in the name of the registered Crypto.com account holder ONLY. Deposits will be rejected and returned if: Originating from a third party i.e. Revolut This process may take up to 7 business days. In case your deposit has not been processed within this timeframe or some of the details have not been properly submitted, please contact us at [email protected] and attach a proof of payment including your name as a sender, the date, amount and currency of the transaction, sender`s bank details, recipient bank details, reference, as well as any other details relevant for the transfer. 
Deposit Limits
 You can deposit up to £250,000 per transaction. 
What is the fee to deposit funds into my GBP Fiat Wallet?
 Crypto.com does not charge fees for GBP deposits and withdrawals via FPS, but the customer’s bank may apply a processing fee.
GBP Deposits from Revolut
 Please do not initiate GBP deposits from your Revolut account to your Crypto.com App. 
Withdrawals to Revolut accounts are not supported as well.
 All GBP deposits made from Revolut accounts will not be accepted and will be refunded back to the sender. 
This process may take up to 7 business days.
 We appreciate your understanding and we will keep this page updated for any changes to the above. Crypto.com App users in the UK can now easily deposit and withdraw GBP using Faster Payments Service (FPS).  Note: Withdrawals to STARLING BANK LIMITED are currently unavailable. 
How do I withdraw my funds?
 For regulatory reasons, you can only withdraw to the same bank account(s) that you used to deposit the funds to crypto.com. Withdrawals to third-party payment processors are not supported.  Users are required to have at least one successful GBP deposit via FPS to the Crypto.com App before we can transfer GBP funds back to the same account. 
Please follow the steps below to sell crypto to Fiat:
 Open the Crypto.com app Tap on "Accounts" Select "Fiat Wallet" Select "Sell Crypto" Select the cryptocurrency you'd like to convert to Fiat. Select the 'Cash' option. On the Fiat Wallet window, you can enter the amount you wish to convert. (If you tap on the field where you enter the amount, the app will suggest the maximum amount you can sell.) You will see a confirmation window showing the actual current value of the coin in fiat money for 15 seconds. Please pay attention to that window as it shows the amount of fiat money you are getting for the coin at that time.
Please follow the steps below to initiate a withdrawal request:
 Go to the Crypto.com App, go to "Accounts", open the Fiat Wallet and tap ‘Transfer’ → ‘Withdraw’ → ‘GBP’. Select the GBP balance and tap ‘Withdraw GBP’. Review the submission process and withdrawal limits, and tap ‘Withdraw Now’. Input the withdrawal amount and select the bank account that you are withdrawing the funds to. Review and confirm the withdrawal request.
How long does it take for funds to arrive in my bank account?
 We will notify you once the withdrawal is processed. Please allow  2 to 4 business days to review the request, and 1 business day to process the transfer. The funds will appear in your bank account shortly after. 
Withdrawal Limits
 Minimum £70 minimum withdrawal per transaction  Accumulative Maximum Daily £100,000 (24-hour rolling) Monthly £500,000 (30-day rolling)
What is the fee to withdraw funds from my GBP Fiat Wallet?
 Crypto.com does not charge fees for GBP withdrawals via FPS, but your bank may apply a processing fee. Please contact your bank should you have any questions about specific fees and charges. Crypto.com users can withdraw USD from the App by selling crypto to their USD fiat wallet and transferring USD funds from this wallet to their U.S. bank account(s) on the ACH network. 
How to sell Crypto to Fiat?
 Open the Crypto.com app Tap on "Accounts" Select "Fiat Wallet" Select "Sell Crypto" Select the cryptocurrency you'd like to convert to Fiat. Select the 'Cash' option. On the Sell screen, you can enter the amount you wish to convert. (If you tap on the field where you enter the amount, the app will suggest the maximum amount you can sell.) You will see a confirmation window showing the actual current value of the coin in fiat money for 15 seconds. Please pay attention to that window as it shows the amount of fiat money you are getting for the coin at that time.
How to submit a USD withdrawal request?
 Prerequisite: Have successfully set up a USD Fiat Wallet.  If you have not set up a USD currency wallet in the Crypto.com App, please follow the steps here for details.  1. Go to “Fiat Wallet” from Super App Menu Button or the Accounts Menu. Tap “Transfer” > “Withdraw” > “USD” 2. Tap on your USD balance and Withdraw USD   3. Tap Add Bank Account or select the preferred bank account if it has already been added.  Note that setting up 2FA for USD withdrawals isn't necessary. However, if you've already set 2FA up, the app would request the code when withdrawing. 
Adding a Bank Account
 a. Select your bank and log in with your online banking credentials  b. Once the bank account has been successfully added, it will be available for withdrawing 4. Review the USD withdrawal details and tap confirm to have it processed 5. The status of the withdrawal request will be updated 
How long does it take to see the withdrawn funds in my U.S. bank account?
 3-5 business days.  We will notify you via email and push notifications after our internal review.
What are the fees to withdraw USD from my Fiat Wallet to my bank account?
 There are no fees to process USD withdrawals from the App at the moment.
Which cryptocurrencies can I sell to USD in the App?
 All cryptocurrencies available to be traded in the US can be sold to USD, for a complete list of cryptocurrencies, you can refer to this article. 
What is required to connect my U.S. bank account to the App for USD withdrawal?
 Have successfully set up a USD Fiat Wallet in the Crypto.com App- If you have not set up a USD currency wallet in the App, please follow the steps here for details. Access to the bank’s online banking
How many U.S. bank accounts on the ACH network can be connected to the App?
 Up to 5 at a time.  Connected bank accounts are removable. Please do not connect the same bank account more than once. 
Why can't I add my bank account?
 This is generally caused by the following reasons: Due to regulatory reasons, we cannot facilitate withdrawals to a bank account that is linked to a NY address. The bank account does not support ACH transfer Please try with another bank account if you experience this issue. 
How to deposit USD?
 Please refer to Fiat Wallet - USD Bank Transfers via ACH Network for more information. 
Withdrawal Limits
 Minimum withdrawal limit (per request): 100 USD Daily maximum withdrawal limit (24-hour rolling): 100,000 USD Daily maximum withdrawal requests: 5 per 24 hours Monthly maximum withdrawal limit (30-day rolling): 500,000 USD Monthly maximum withdrawal requests: 30 times per month
Joint Bank Accounts
 If you are attempting to link a joint bank account following the steps in this FAQ and run into issues when trying to use the account, you may be required to provide additional verification information. Please reach out to our Customer Support team to assist.  Bank transfers via ACH Network are a relatively inexpensive way for U.S. residents to transfer funds from their bank account into the Crypto.com App. 
Which USD deposit method is best for you?
  ACH Wire Minimum Transfer $20 per transaction $1,000 per transaction Maximum Limit - Daily $100,000 or 5 times per day $1,000,000 or 5 times per day Maximum Limit - Monthly $1,000,000 or 30 times per month $10,000,000 or 30 times per month Processing Time 3-5 business days 1-2 business days USD Fiat Wallet Balance Max Limit USD 250,000 USD 250,000 Eligibility US users with U.S. Residential address (P.O boxes are not acceptable) Social Security Number US users with U.S. Residential address (P.O boxes are not acceptable) Social Security Number Requirement  USD transfers only Transfers from U.S based bank account No third party transfers USD transfers only Transfers from U.S based bank account Fee Crypto.com does not charge a fee for this service. Your bank may charge a separate fee.  Please check with your financial institution prior to initiating a transfer. Crypto.com does not charge a fee for this service. Your bank may charge a separate fee.  Please check with your financial institution prior to initiating a transfer. Please be aware of the following: Funds will be returned if you transfer below or beyond the limits Crypto.com Visa Cardholders do not hold an online checking or savings account with Metropolitan Commercial Bank Crypto.com App users cannot use the Crypto.com routing and account numbers for withdrawals, transfers, or bill payments All outbound transfers, account login, and requests for bank statements must be done via the Crypto.com App
Who is eligible for a USD fiat wallet?
 U.S. users (having US ID or driving license, and US phone number) who meet all of the following requirements are eligible to use wire transfer or ACH Direct Deposit to deposit USD into the fiat wallet: Has a Social Security Number (SSN)* Has a U.S. Residential Address (P.O boxes are not acceptable) Has a bank account that is located within the U.S. *Social Security Number is required only for creating a USD fiat wallet. Submitting your social security number to us will not trigger a credit check. It will not be required for each deposit transaction. 
How to set up my USD fiat wallet?
 USD deposits coming from ACH direct deposit will be stored within the same USD fiat wallet as deposits from wire transfers. Thus, you will not be required to provide additional information.  We would still require you to accept our terms and conditions and go through the instructions to familiarize yourself with this deposit method.  Here are the steps you would need to take: Go to “Accounts” on the bottom navigation bar Tap on “Fiat Wallet” Tap on “US Dollars” Tap on “Set up” in the ACH Transfer section Read through the instructions and Terms and Conditions Check the box to agree to the Terms and Conditions and tap “Next” Read through all the information required for initiating an ACH direct deposit Setting up a USD wallet is a simple process that only requires a few steps. We will need the following information from you so please have them ready: Social Security Number (SSN)* U.S. Residential Address (P.O boxes are not acceptable) *It will NOT trigger a credit check  Here are the steps you would need to take to set up the USD fiat wallet: Go to “Accounts” on the bottom navigation bar Tap on “Fiat Wallet” Tap on “+ Set Up New Currency” Select “US Dollars” Read through the instructions and Terms and Conditions Check the box to agree to the Terms and Conditions and tap “Next” Submit your residential address and Social Security Number  Once our team has reviewed your information and approved your application, you will be able to deposit USD into your fiat wallet using wire transfer and ACH direct deposit. 
Information required:
 U.S. Residential Address (P.O boxes are not acceptable) Social Security Number (SSN)** **This will NOT trigger a credit check  Once our team has reviewed your information and approved your application, you will be able to deposit USD into your fiat wallet using wire and ACH transfer. 
How to deposit USD via ACH direct deposit?
 Upon successful setup of the USD Fiat Wallet, you will see an information page with all the necessary details to transfer USD from your bank account via the ACH network.  You can locate the deposit details in the following steps: Head to “Fiat Wallet” Tap on “Transfer” Tap on “Deposit” Tap on “United States Dollar” Tap on "ACH" The required information includes: Routing Number Account Number Account Type: Checking Bank: Metropolitan Commercial Bank Bank Address: 99 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10016 Please Note: Crypto.com Visa Cardholders do not hold an online checking or savings account with Metropolitan Commercial Bank Crypto.com App users cannot use the Crypto.com routing and account numbers for withdrawals, transfers, or bill payments All outbound transfers, account log in, and requests for bank statements must be done via the Crypto.com App Only USD transfers from bank accounts matching your name will be accepted. However, salary deposits from the user's employers are accepted (a proof from you may be requested). Please note:  Crypto.com does not accept physical checks or checks from bill pay services as a payment method to purchase cryptocurrency or to transfer cash into a user's USD fiat wallet. Any such checks received by Crypto.com will be voided and destroyed. 
How can I use the funds deposited from ACH direct deposits?
 Once the funds are deposited into your account (you will receive an in-app notification and an email).  Funds in your USD fiat wallet can be used for: Purchasing crypto in the Crypto.com App Topping up your Crypto.com Visa card
To Purchase Crypto
 Tap the Buy button on the homepage Selecting the crypto you wish to buy Choose Fiat Wallet from the options available on the screen Select USD
Top up your Crypto.com Visa card
 Go to the Card page Tap on Top Up Select Fiat Wallet Input the top-up amount in USD Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds)
How to withdraw USD?
 Please refer to USD Withdrawal via ACH for more information. 
Troubleshooting
 There are a few things to remember when making a USD bank transfer to your Crypto.com App: USD: Only USD transfers will be accepted from a bank account on the ACH network. Your Named Account: We can only accept transfers from bank accounts opened under your own name. 3rd party transfers (e.g. payments from your customers, friends, family, etc.) will not be accepted. Specifically, we will not accept transfers from crypto exchanges (e.g. Kraken, Bittrex, etc.). Processing Time: Although USD bank transfers are very fast (usually the same or the next day), please allow 3-5 business days for the funds to arrive at your account, especially if you are transferring money to your App for the first time. If you do not see the funds in your App by that time, please email our support at [email protected] or use the in-app/website chat (you can find in-app chat in the Settings section).  Common Issues: The most common reasons for your transfer being on hold (i.e. not reaching your App within 3-5 business days), are: The name of your bank account does not fully match your name on our record. You sent the funds from a joint account. Your transfer was not made from a bank, but from a payments processing company (e.g. PayPal, Wise, etc.). Your bank transfer was not from a bank on the ACH network, or it came from an unsupported institution (e.g. a crypto exchange). You have deposited over the daily limit of $100,000 USD or 5 times per day When contacting our support, please be ready to provide us with supporting documents (e.g. a bank statement) showing your full name, the bank account you made the transfer from, and - ideally - the transaction itself.
What is Instant Deposit?
 The Instant Deposit feature credits you with the deposit amount before the funds are settled, so you no longer have to wait to start buying crypto. After you initiate an Instant Deposit, you will receive the funds within 30 minutes.  Standard ACH and wire transfers are initiated from your banking app, whereas Instant Deposit is initiated directly from the Crypto.com App.  Standard ACH and wire transfers can take up to 5 business days to settle into your account and be used. With Instant Deposits, you can use the funds within minutes after initiating the deposit, although you will be restricted from withdrawing funds for 7 business days (day 0* being the day you initiated the deposit).  *Please note that: If the deposit is created outside business hours (9MST-17MST), day 0 will be the next business day. Federal holidays are not counted as business days, therefore such days will also be considered as 0.  Example: 21st of February is a federal holiday, meaning that it is not a business day. If John initiates an ACH Pull Deposit on the 18th of February 2022 (Friday), the first business day will be the 22nd of February 2022 (Tuesday). 
Setting Up Instant Deposit
 U.S. users who meet all of the following requirements are eligible to use the Instant Deposit feature: Has a Social Security Number (SSN)* Has a U.S. residential address (P.O. boxes are not accepted) Has a bank account that is located within the U.S. *An SSN is required for creating a USD Fiat Wallet. Submitting your SSN to us will not trigger a credit check, and you are not required to input it for each deposit transaction.  To enable this feature, simply set up a USD Fiat Wallet by linking your bank account: In the Crypto.com App, select Transfer>Fiat> Deposit> Accept New T&Cs > Link Bank Account, and enter your credentials via Plaid Please note that your bank account name must be the same as the name that’s associated with your Crypto.com App account.  The Instant Deposit feature will be enabled upon approval. You can link up to 5 bank accounts.  Please make sure your bank account name is the same as the name that appears on your Crypto.com App KYC documents, which you submitted when registering your account. 
Depositing Funds
 After enabling Instant Deposit by linking your bank account via Plaid, in the Crypto.com App, select on Transfer > Fiat > Deposit > Link Bank Account > Deposit Now > Enter the USD deposit amount > select the source bank account > tap on Confirm Deposit.  Important Note: Once an ACH Pull deposit has been initiated, it cannot be canceled. 
What are the limits for Instant Deposit?
 Minimum (all card tiers) USD $20 Daily Maximum Transactions (24-hour rolling) Deposits 5 per day Daily Maximum per card tier (24-hour rolling) Obsidian up to $100,000  Icy White up to $100,000  Rose Gold up to $100,000  Jade Green up to $50,000  Royal Indigo up to $50,000  Ruby up to $10,000  Blue up to $5,000  No card up to $3,000 Monthly Maximum Transactions (30-day rolling) Deposits 30 per month Monthly Maximum per card tier (30-day rolling) Obsidian up to $500,000  Icy White up to $500,000  Rose Gold up to $500,000  Jade Green up to $250,000  Royal Indigo up to $250,000  Ruby up to $100,000  Blue up to $50,000  No card up to $30,000 USD Fiat Wallet Balance Maximum All card tiers up to $250,000 Days of Withdrawal Restriction All card tiers 7 business days Time after Failure to Liquidate All card tiers 24 hours You can also click the Max button on the deposit screen to view the maximum amount you can deposit on that day.  Pending Balance is your deposited funds that have not settled yet, as it takes up to 7 business days. Crypto.com provides you with these funds after you initiate a deposit, so you can start purchasing cryptocurrencies even when they are pending.  You will not be able to withdraw or transfer your funds from Crypto.com app wallets for 7 business days (day 0 being the day you initiated the deposit) after deposit if you make a cryptocurrency purchase using the Pending Balance. 
Purchasing Crypto
 You can buy all the cryptocurrencies that are listed in our app.  Your Pending Balance cannot be withdrawn through these channels for 7 business days after the deposit is initiated (day 0 being the day you initiated the deposit): Fiat Withdrawal Crypto Wallet transfers Staking in the Earn Wallet Transfer to the Crypto.com Exchange Top up Crypto.com Visa Card CRO Staking on Crypto.com Visa Card Spend via Crypto.com Pay Transfer to Crypto.com Defi Wallet Purchasing any Gift Cards Crypto.com Supercharger Other outgoing channels from Crypto.com However, please keep in mind that if you have other funds that have been cleared/deposited with another method, you can use them on our platform. The instant deposit amount however stays available only for crypto purchases.  Example: John has $500 USD in his fiat wallet and makes an ACH Pull deposit for another $300 USD. He will be able to use the $500 USD to its full extent, but not the $300 USD until settled. Please note:  Crypto.com does not accept physical checks or checks from bill pay services as a payment method to purchase cryptocurrency or to transfer cash into a user's USD fiat wallet. Any such checks received by Crypto.com will be voided and destroyed.  Available Balance is the funds in your USD Fiat Wallet that have settled, and are available to use for crypto purchases and withdrawal.  Pending Balance is your deposited funds that have not settled yet, as it takes up to 7 business days. Crypto.com provides you with these funds within minutes, so you can start purchasing cryptocurrencies even when they are pending.  In cases where you have used your Instant Deposit to purchase cryptocurrency, but the funds failed to settle, the amount will become an Outstanding Balance. Your Instant Deposit likely failed because of insufficient funds in your bank account. Please make sure you have more than the deposit amount in your bank account for at least 7 business days after initiating the deposit (day 1 is next business day after deposit) to prevent any errors due to insufficient funds in your bank account.  Scenario 1 - Available Balance is sufficient to purchase cryptocurrency You have USD 100 in your USD Fiat Wallet You initiated an Instant Deposit of USD 50 You now have a total of USD 150 in your USD Fiat Wallet to purchase cryptocurrency You purchased USD 120 worth of cryptocurrency Your Instant Deposit failed to settle The remaining USD 30 in your USD Fiat Wallet is Pending Balance and can no longer be used to purchase cryptocurrency Your Outstanding Balance is USD 20 and you need to resolve it as soon as possible if you want to use the Instant Deposit feature again If your Outstanding Balance is unresolved after 1 day, Crypto.com will proceed to liquidate your assets to repay the USD amount Scenario 2 - Available Balance is insufficient to purchase cryptocurrency  When cryptocurrency is purchased using a failed Instant Deposit and there is insufficient balance in your crypto and fiat wallets, withdrawal is restricted from the entire USD Fiat Wallet until Outstanding Balance is resolved.  You can view your Outstanding Balance by going to USD Fiat Wallet > Instant Deposit > Outstanding Balance. Buying cryptocurrencies will be disabled for you until the Outstanding Balance is settled.  You can resolve your Outstanding Balance by making another deposit from your bank account, using ACH Push, Wire Transfer, or by selling cryptocurrency into your USD Fiat Wallet.  If you have any questions, please email Customer Support at [email protected].  Crypto.com has the right to liquidate your assets and lock your account if your Outstanding Balance is not settled for longer than 24 hours. Crypto.com will liquidate crypto assets in the following sequence until all of your outstanding balance in USD is resolved: USD Stable Coins Other cryptocurrencies in descending market capitalization order For example: Starting balance USD 100 USD fiat, USD 200 worth of USDC, USD 300 worth of CRO Instant deposit via ACH Pull initiated USD 1,500 and used to purchase USD 1,000 worth of BTC Sequence of orders: User instant deposits via ACH Pull $1,500 USD fiat User buys $1,000 BTC Deposit fails Day 0 - $500 instant deposit is recalled, $1000 outstanding Day 0 - CDC debits $100 USD Fiat from fiat wallet, $900 outstanding Day 3 - CDC sells $200 USDC into $200 USD, $700 outstanding Day 3 - CDC sells $700 BTC (because larger market cap than CRO) into $700 USD fiat on day 3, $300 BTC remaining and $0 outstanding Days 4 and onwards - If any outstanding balance remains, liquidation attempt to try again 24 hours later until fiat wallet balance return to $0. Please reach out to Customer Support if you have any questions.  The feature could be disabled because you have an Outstanding Balance that you need to settle first. You can resolve your Outstanding Balance by topping up your USD Fiat Wallet using ACH Push, Wire Transfer, or selling some cryptocurrency into USD.  Another reason could be that we were unable to properly validate the transfer in order to allow an Instant Deposit. Please try again in a few moments or contact Customer Support at [email protected] for more information.  You cannot withdraw the deposited funds until your Instant Deposit is settled. The withdrawal restriction is lifted after 7 business days (day 1 is next business day after deposit).  The withdrawal restrictions apply to these outgoing channels: Fiat Withdrawal Crypto Wallet transfers Staking in the Earn Wallet Transfer to the Crypto.com Exchange Top up Crypto.com Visa Card CRO Staking on Crypto.com Visa Card Spend via Crypto.com Pay Transfer to Crypto.com Defi Wallet Purchasing Gift Cards Other outgoing channels from Crypto.com
Joint Bank Accounts
 If you are attempting to link a joint bank account following the steps in this FAQ and run into issues when trying to use the account, you may be required to provide additional verification information. Please reach out to our Customer Support team to assist. Wire transfer* enables US residents to deposit a greater amount of USD into their fiat wallet on the Crypto.com App.  *Wire transfer fee on USD deposits will be paid by Crypto.com, however, additional processing fee may be applied by your bank. Please check with your bank prior to the transfer. 
Which USD deposit method is best for you?
  ACH Wire Minimum Transfer $20 per transaction $1,000 per transaction Maximum Limit - Daily $100,000 or 5 times per day $1,000,000 or 5 times per day Maximum Limit - Monthly $1,000,000 or 30 times per month $10,000,000 or 30 times per month Processing Time 3-5 business days 1-2 business days USD Fiat Wallet Balance Max Limit $10,000,000 $10,000,000 Eligibility US users with U.S. Residential address (P.O boxes are not acceptable) Social Security Number US users with U.S. Residential address (P.O boxes are not acceptable) Social Security Number Requirement  USD transfers only Transfers from U.S based bank account No third party transfers USD transfers only Transfers from U.S based bank account Fee Crypto.com does not charge a fee for this service. Your bank may charge a separate fee.  Please check with your financial institution prior to initiating a transfer. Crypto.com does not charge a fee for this service. Your bank may charge a separate fee.  Please check with your financial institution prior to initiating a transfer. Please note that funds will be returned if you transfer below or beyond the limits 
Who is eligible for a USD fiat wallet?
 U.S. users who meet all of the following requirements is eligible to use wire transfer or  ACH Direct Deposit to deposit USD into the fiat wallet: Has a Social Security Number (SSN)* Has a U.S. Residential Address (P.O box are not acceptable) Has a bank account that is located within the U.S. *Social Security Number is required only for creating a USD fiat wallet.  Submitting your social security number to us will not trigger a credit check.  It will not be required for each deposit transaction. 
How to set up my USD fiat wallet?
 USD deposits coming from wire transfers will be stored within the same USD wallet as deposits from ACH Direct Deposit. Thus, you will not be required to provide additional information.  We would still require you to accept our terms and conditions and go through the instructions to familiarize yourself with this deposit method.  Here are the steps you would need to take: Go to “Accounts” on the bottom navigation bar Tap on “Fiat Wallet” Tap on “US Dollars” Tap on “Set up” in the Wire Transfer section Read through the instructions and Terms and Conditions Check the box to agree to the Terms and Conditions and tap “Next” Read through all the information required for initiating a wire transfer Setting up a USD wallet is a simple process that only requires a few steps. We will need the following information from you so please have them ready: Social Security Number (SSN)* U.S. Residential Address (P.O box are not acceptable) Here are the steps you would need to take to set up the USD wallet: Go to “Accounts” on the bottom navigation bar Tap on “Fiat Wallet” Tap on “+ Set Up New Currency” Select “US Dollars” Read through the instructions and Terms and Conditions Check the box to agree to the Terms and Conditions and tap “Next” Submit your residential address and Social Security Number  Once our team has reviewed your information and approved your application, you will be able to deposit USD into your fiat wallet using wire and ACH transfer. 
How do I deposit USD using a wire transfer?
 Once your USD fiat wallet application has been approved, you can deposit US dollars into your fiat wallet using your bank’s portal. Before you make a deposit, please take note of the following instructions: Only wire transfers initiated from your bank account are accepted. Cash and check deposits are not accepted. Only funds transferred from U.S. bank accounts are accepted. Funds transferred from non-U.S. bank accounts will be rejected. Ensure you have included the correct unique code in the wire transfer reference. Incorrect or missing unique code will result in delayed access to funds or a return of funds to the sending bank account. Please do not add any additional text or characters in the reference field when entering the unique code, otherwise, the deposit will fail and it will be returned. The bank account holder name of the originating bank account must match with the name in the Crypto.com app. Mismatch in names may result in a deposit rejection. Third-party deposits are not accepted via wire transfer. You can locate the deposit details in the following steps: Head to “Fiat Wallet” Tap on “Transfer” Tap on “Deposit” Tap on “United States Dollar” Tap on "Wire Transfer" Once you have initiated a wire transfer from your bank’s portal, it takes approximate 1-2 business days to credit your crypto.com fiat wallet if you provided all information correctly - otherwise, it could take up to 7 days to identify your account.  If your account is not identified within 7 days, we will return the funds to the sending bank account.  Please note: Crypto.com does not accept physical checks or checks from bill pay services as a payment method to purchase cryptocurrency or to transfer cash into a user's USD fiat wallet. Any such checks received by Crypto.com will be voided and destroyed. 
Deposit Details
 When making a wire transfer, it is essential that you enter the correct information into the transfer instructions in your bank account’s portal. The following information is required for the transfer to execute correctly (please refer to the in-app deposit details for the latest info): Unique Code* [unique to each user] Bank Name Metropolitan Commercial Bank** Bank Address 99 Park Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10016 Recipient’s First Name MCB Recipient's Last Name Foris Recipient’s Address 99 Park Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10016 Routing Number 026013356 Account Number 0299004953 *This unique reference code can be found within the app and is required for your deposit to post to your account. **Metropolitan Commercial Bank - Do not contact for wire issues, contact Crypto.com. See the Troubleshooting section below.” 
Troubleshooting
 There are a few things you need to remember when making a USD deposit via wire transfer: Transfers generally take 1-2 business days to process. If you don’t see your funds within this time period, please contact our customer support immediately at [email protected] with the date and time you sent the wire, the names on the bank account where the wire originated, the routing and account number where you wired the funds, the unique code you included in the wire and the amount of the wire. Note that you can also contact our customer support via the in-app chat. Funds can only be transferred from a U.S.-based bank account. Non-USD funds or funds coming from a non-U.S.-based bank account will be returned by the bank. No third-party deposits are permitted using wire transfers. The name of the bank account holder must match the registered name on crypto.com’s App. Cash and check wire deposits are not accepted. When contacting our support, please be ready to provide us with supporting documents (e.g. a bank statement) showing your full name, the bank account you made the transfer from, and - ideally - the transaction itself. 
How can I use the funds deposited from wire transfers?
 Once the funds are deposited into your account (you will receive an in-app notification and an email).  Funds in your USD fiat wallet can be used for: Purchasing crypto in the Crypto.com App Topping up your Crypto.com Visa card Tap the Buy button on the homepage Selecting the crypto you wish to buy Choose Fiat Wallet from the options available on the screen Select USD Go to the Card page Tap on Top Up Select Fiat Wallet Input the top-up amount in USD Confirm the transaction (Rate will be held for 15 seconds Users can now withdraw funds by redeeming stablecoins against USD via the TrustToken or Pax Dollar platform. 
How to withdraw fiat with TrustToken (TUSD)?
 TrustToken (TUSD):  Sign up for an account here by submitting your email and required documents, and allow 3-4 days for review. After your account is set up, visit the TrustToken site to input your bank info and get your unique redemption address. Send TUSD (a minimum of $1,000) from the Crypto.com App to your unique redemption address. A mandatory 2FA needs to be completed once you attempt to initiate a withdrawal. Image credit: TrueUSD  TrustToken’s banking partner will issue a wire to your bank account (within 1 business day).
How to withdraw fiat with Pax Dollar (USDP)?
 Pax Dollar (USDP):  Sign up for an account here. Fill in your details (see here for guidance), and allow 1-3 business days for review. Once your account is created, deposit USDP from your Crypto.com App. Once done, search for the “Transfer” button on the Paxos site for the USD fund withdrawal function. You can then send USD to your bank account by inputting your bank details. Notes and disclaimer: TrustToken does not charge fees for redemptions. However, domestic fees and international transmittance fees may apply. Paxos Standard charges no fees, however, customer banks may charge a fee for initiating/receiving a wire deposit. There are no minimum limits for USDP to USD redemptions. THE STABLE COINS AND USD REDEMPTION IS HANDLED AND PROCESSED BY TRUSTTOKEN OR PAX DOLLAR, CRYPTO.COM IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY DISPUTE ARISING FROM SUCH ARRANGEMENT.
How does Early Direct Deposit work?
 Crypto.com may get notified up to 3 days before your usual paydate that money is on the way, and at this moment the funds are made available to you. This also applies to government payments such as tax refunds where the notification can be received up to 5 days in advance. Availability and timing can vary based on the payer and when we get payment instructions. 
How to set up:
 Crypto.com provides you with a routing and account number which can be provided to your employer. Open the Crypto.com App and navigate to the “Accounts” tab at the bottom of the screen. Tap on your “Fiat Wallet”, under your shown balance tap “Transfer” on the right. On the “Transfer Fiat” window tap “Deposit” and select “United States Dollar”. Tap the second option “Bank Deposit” The “USD Fiat Wallet (Bank Deposit)” screen will appear and display your Fiat Wallet’s Routing and Account number. Provide the displayed Routing and Account number to your employer or alternatively use the information to update your Direct Deposit information yourself within your employer's payroll portal. 
Does it cost extra to get paid early?
 There are no additional fees! Early Direct Deposit is a free, automatic feature on your USD Fiat Wallet. 
Will my payroll direct deposit always arrive early?
 You may get your direct deposit up to 3 days earlier than your scheduled paydate unless any of the following occur: You recently set up a payroll direct deposit for the first time as it can take up to two pay cycles for direct deposit to begin. Your payroll deposit type is not eligible, such as a bank-to-bank transfer. There is a payroll system issue with your employer. Your employer does not provide the payment instructions to Crypto.com earlier than your regular paydate. Early Direct Deposit may depend on timing as well. Keep in mind that the payer must provide correct payment details on time so the deposit can be processed early. In cases where your deposit does not arrive early, you can expect it to be available on your scheduled payday. 
Can I choose to stop receiving my direct deposits early?
 No, early Direct Deposit is an automatic feature on your USD Fiat Wallet and therefore, cannot be disabled. 
How to cancel your direct deposit?
 To stop receiving your direct deposits to your Crypto.com Fiat Wallet, change the instructions on your employer's payroll portal or contact your employer directly.
What is Plaid?
 You can easily connect your financial account/s to your apps using Plaid. When you want to share data from your financial accounts with an app, Plaid transfers your data securely. Your information is secured with Plaid and it will never be shared without your permission. 
How does it work?
 Once you choose which app you want to connect your account to, Plaid provides tools that enable you to share your financial data with apps that provide services to your region. You can find more information on that here.
How to connect your financial account using Plaid?
 When you choose to connect your financial accounts to an app using Plaid, you will be prompted to enter the username and password associated with those accounts.  Plaid then links your accounts to the app you want to use so you can share your data. Whether you have an account at a national bank, a local bank, a credit union, an investment bank, or a digital bank, Plaid will help you get connected.  If you experience any issues trying to connect your accounts, you can find useful information here. In case you can't find your financial institution while trying to connect it to an app or service using Plaid, this might be helpful. 
Is Plaid free of charge?
 Yes. You won't be charged for connecting your accounts using Plaid. For any additional information, feel free to check the official Plaid Website here. 
Joint Bank Accounts
 If you are attempting to link a joint bank account following the steps above and run into issues when trying to use the account, you may be required to provide additional verification information. Please reach out to our Customer Support team for assistance.  Note: Some banks will appear in the list, but be greyed out. This means they are supported by Plaid, but they are not supported by Crypto.com. In this case, you will need to link another account, using a different bank. 
Is Plaid secure?
 You can safely connect your financial accounts to the apps and services you love, using Plaid. To learn more about Plaid security and safety, you can find all the information you need here. Crypto.com App users can withdraw fiat funds by converting crypto into TRY and transferring the funds in their TRY Wallet to their bank account(s). 
How can I withdraw funds back to my bank account?
 Go to your Fiat Wallet from the Super App Menu and tap Transfer > Withdraw > Fiat From your TRY balance, tap Withdraw TRY Review the withdrawal process and tap Withdraw Now Input the withdrawal amount and select the bank account you are withdrawing funds to Review and confirm the withdrawal request We will notify you once the withdrawal is processed
Which bank account(s) can I use to withdraw my funds?
 There are two options for selecting the bank account you are withdrawing funds to:  You can withdraw to bank accounts you have used to deposit funds into the Crypto.com App. The most recently used accounts for deposits will be automatically shown in the list.  You can manually enter your bank account’s IBAN number. Simply go to the withdrawal drawer in your Fiat Wallet and tap Add a Bank Account. Follow the onscreen instructions and tap Submit to save your bank account. You can then proceed to make withdrawals.  The name of the bank account you provide must match the legal name associated with your Crypto.com App account. Mismatched names will result in a failed withdrawal and fees may be deducted by the receiving bank for processing the refund. 
Are there any withdrawal limits?
 Daily Withdrawal Limit 150,000 TRY Monthly Withdrawal Limit 1,000,000 TRY
How long does it take for my funds to arrive in my bank account?
 Please allow one to two business days for withdrawal requests to be processed. Once approved, the funds will be sent to your bank account immediately via EFT, FAST, or intra-bank transfer. Crypto.com now offers a localized, zero-fee* top-up method for users in Turkey, enabling them to fund their TRY Wallet using their bank accounts.  *Please note that while Crypto.com charges no fees for TRY deposits, your bank and/or its intermediary bank(s) may apply a processing fee. 
How do I set up my TRY Wallet?
 Activating your TRY Wallet requires verifying your bank account by making a deposit. Follow the steps below to set up your TRY Wallet: Go to Fiat Wallet from the Super App Menu Tap + Set Up New Currency Select Turkish Lira Read and accept the Terms and Conditions Select your bank of choice. If your bank is not listed, please select Other Banks. Review the information about depositing into Crypto.com’s bank account Access your bank account via the online banking web portal or mobile application Copy the deposit information from the Crypto.com App and input it as the beneficiary details in the transfer instructions required by your bank Confirm and process the payment Please ensure that the name of the bank account from which the deposit is made matches the legal name that is associated with your Crypto.com App account. Mismatched names will result in a refund. 
Why do I need to link my bank account?
 Linking your bank account enables Crypto.com to protect you from fraudulent activities. We only accept funds from bank accounts that are in your name and match with the name associated with your Crypto.com App account. Any funds from a bank account in a name that does not match the name of your Crypto.com App account will be rejected and refunded. 
What happens if my bank account is rejected?
 Unfortunately, we cannot accept funds from bank accounts that have failed verification. Any funds that were deposited from a rejected bank account will be refunded to the originating bank account. 
How long does it take for my funds to be credited?
 Intra-bank and FAST transfers are near-instant. Once we have received the funds, we will credit the funds into your TRY Wallet within a few minutes.  Deposits that exceed the FAST limit will be made through EFT, and can only be made during the bank’s operating hours. Deposits made outside of the bank’s operating hours will be credited the next business day. 
Can I use more than one bank account to deposit?
 Yes, you may link up to five bank accounts to your TRY Wallet. 
Are there any deposit limits?
 Daily Deposit Limit TRY 500,000 per day Monthly Deposit Limit TRY 5,000,000 per month Deposits exceeding the above limits will be refunded to the originating bank account. 
Do you accept funds from third-party payment processors?
 No, we do not accept funds from third-party payment processors (e.g., Wise Inc.). Please use a bank account that is in your own name. 
What can I do with the funds in my TRY Wallet?
 You can purchase crypto using the funds in your wallet, or sell your crypto and convert it to TRY to be held in your wallet.
About Exchange App
 The Crypto.com Exchange App (namely “Exchange App”) is the native mobile app for users to access the Crypto.com Exchange features. Common Term Description Enabled Device A mobile device or other devices successfully registered by you for use in connection with the Exchange App, and services under this Agreement. An Enabled Device must not be Jailbroken and must meet the device requirements as disclosed in the “Device & Operating System” section. Jailbroken Jailbroken means a device that has been freed from the restrictions imposed on it by the mobile service provider and/or the phone manufacturer without their approval, as applicable, and/or as otherwise described in the Exchange FAQs. Users from eligible jurisdictions of the Crypto.com Exchange could use the Exchange App.  Only devices that meet the following device and operating system (OS) requirements can use the Exchange App (namely “Enabled Device”). Not a Jailbroken device. The device operating system is at least Android: 8.0 and above (minimum supported Android SDK to be 26); iOS: 14.3 and above. Note: Android 12 and iOS 15 betas are not supported.  Only Enabled Devices could use Biometric ID as the login authentication for the Exchange App. Specifically for Android, a Biometric Tier of Class 3 - Strong is also required and the supported biometrics will differ based on the Enabled Device eligibility. As the best practice, please make sure your Enabled Device operating system is up to date.  Currently, the Exchange App only supports Spot and Margin Trading and some of the basic features that are offered on the Crypto.com Exchange - as listed below. Spot Trading Margin Trading Sub-accounts Deposits & Withdrawals Stake & Earn CRO Fixed Staking Soft Staking Lending The Syndicate Supercharger Referral Programme In-App Account Sign Up Account Creation (As a new user or a Crypto.com App user) ID Verification Account Management Trusted Device Management Withdrawal Whitelist Biometric ID 2FA Anti-phishing Code Reset Password We will be adding more supported features. Watch this space!  Note: Derivatives Trading is currently not supported on the Exchange App.  You could download the Exchange App from the App Store and Google Play. CRO DAX Limited is the listing entity on both app listing platforms. We are pleased to offer market-leading benefits for Crypto.com Exchange users to take advantage of, including: 
2% Deposit Bonus
 New, eligible users as of May 11, 2020 will receive a 2% bonus paid in CRO for any crypto deposits (on-chain). Qualification and limits apply. 
Earn Rebates
 Our trading fees are volume-based: get more discounts as your trading volume increases. In addition, get 20% - 100% discounted from your trading fees when you stake and pay fees with CRO. 
Earn up to 10% p.a. on your crypto
 Stake CRO for 180 days and earn 10% p.a. daily, paid in CRO.  Moreover, hold crypto on your Exchange account and earn daily rewards. Enable Soft Staking and earn daily rewards. Visit Soft Staking for more information. 
Get coins at 50% off with the Syndicate
 Stake at least 5,000 CRO and meet the trading volume requirement to participate in our Syndicate events. The more you stake, the more you can contribute, the greater your allocation. Don't miss out on discounted cryptocurrencies! 
Sign-up Bonus when referred by an Exchange user
 Get up to $50 USD worth of CRO when signing up with a referral code/link. When referred by an existing user, you are eligible for up to $50 USD worth of CRO when you upgrade to Advanced KYC level and stake 1,000 or more CRO on your first stake. The Crypto.com Exchange VIP Program rewards high-volume traders with exclusive trading fee incentives and perks. 
Eligibility and Exclusive Trading Fees for Spot Trading
 VIP Fee Tier 30D Spot Trading Volume (USD) Maker Taker VIP 1 ≥ 0.10% of Exchange Spot Volume 0.000% 0.040% VIP 2 ≥ 0.25% of Exchange Spot Volume 0.000% 0.035% VIP 3 ≥ 0.50% of Exchange Spot Volume 0.000% 0.031% VIP 4 ≥ 1.00% of Exchange Spot Volume 0.000% 0.028% VIP 5 ≥ 2.00% of Exchange Spot Volume 0.000% 0.025%
Eligibility and Exclusive Trading Fees for Derivatives Trading
 VIP Fee Tier 30D Derivatives Trading Volume (USD) Maker Taker VIP 1 ≥ 0.10% of Exchange Derivatives Volume 0.000% 0.024% VIP 2 ≥ 0.25% of Exchange Derivatives Volume 0.000% 0.022% VIP 3 ≥ 0.50% of Exchange Derivatives Volume 0.000% 0.020% VIP 4 ≥ 1.00% of Exchange Derivatives Volume 0.000% 0.018% VIP 5 ≥ 2.00% of Exchange Derivatives Volume 0.000% 0.015%
Additional Perks:
 VIP trading fees Increased API rate limits Virtual Private Link for increased stability and reduced latency White glove dedicated support Bespoke OTC capability Direct optimization sessions with Crypto.com system engineers Early access to research reports
What is the Exchange VIP Program?
 The Crypto.com Exchange VIP Program rewards high-volume traders with exclusive trading features that are tailored to their needs regarding risk, technology, and rewards. 
I do not meet the requirements yet, can I still speak with you?
 Yes! We understand the nuances of trading and that not everything is black and white. Please reach out and let's discuss. 
Are there more perks beyond what is listed here?
 Yes, we care about those that care about us! Our VIPs are the first to participate in new beta programs and help to shape our products. Become a VIP and influence your own experience. 
Is the program only for companies/business entities?
 No, the program is open to individuals as well as firms/businesses that are able to meet the performance qualifications. 
Do you have a program specifically for Market Makers?
 Yes, please find it here.
How to register on Crypto.com Exchange:
 1. Visit crypto.com/exchange and click the Sign-Up button (upper right-hand corner).  2. Follow the on-screen instructions and provide us with the necessary information. Your email address will be used to send you a confirmation link, and your date of birth and country of residence helps us make sure you’re eligible.  Users must be at least 18 years old.  3. Click on the Continue button. An email verification containing a one-time password (OTP) will be sent to your registered email. Check your inbox to confirm your registration.  4. Enter the OTP on the Exchange website.  5. Create your password for the Exchange and click Submit. 6. The last step is to verify your phone number. Select the area code of your country using the dropdown, then input your phone number (without the area code). You will be sent an SMS verification code to enter. Input the code you receive into the field, then select Submit.  7. You’re done! You will be redirected to the Exchange landing page. 8. In order to have full access to the Exchange’s features, please follow the steps to verify your identity in Account Verification. 
How to register on Crypto.com Exchange (Crypto.com App users)
 Visit crypto.com/exchange and select the Sign up button (upper right-hand corner). Select Continue as Crypto.com App User. You’ll be asked to enter your email address. Enter the email address registered with your Crypto.com App. Click on the Submit button. A confirmation email will be sent to your email provided. Check your inbox to confirm your registration. In your email, click the Connect to Exchange button, and a link in the email will redirect you to create a password. Once you've created a password for the Exchange, click Submit. You’re done! You will be redirected to the Exchange landing page. Note: Depending on the information you have verified in the App, you may need to verify your account further.  Verifying your account on the Exchange will also verify your account on the App. 
How to transfer funds from the Crypto.com App to the Exchange
 Log In to your Crypto.com App. On the Home screen, tap "Accounts" > "Crypto Wallet" Select the token you wish to withdraw and tap on "Transfer" > "Withdraw" > "Crypto.com Exchange" Continue with the on-screen flow to select the amount and complete the transfer. The transfer will be instant and without fees. To withdraw cryptocurrency from your Crypto.com Exchange wallet you must first complete the KYC verification process.  Visit crypto.com/exchange and select the Log In button (upper right-hand corner). After you have logged in to your account, click Wallet Find your cryptocurrency to withdraw and select Withdraw from the ⋯ menu  Find your cryptocurrency to withdraw and select Withdraw. There are two ways to withdraw cryptocurrency from the Exchange: Withdraw to an external wallet address OR Withdraw to your Crypto.com App if you have connected your Crypto.com App to the Exchange 5. Select Crypto.com App to ensure a free withdrawal to the App.  6. Enter the amount you want to withdraw.  7. Select Review Withdrawal once you are ready.  8. Review withdrawal details.  9. Input your SMS OTP and Google verification code  10. Select Confirm Withdrawal. Withdrawal time to the Crypto.com App is instant.  For more information on withdrawals from the Exchange, please visit: Deposits and Withdrawals on the Exchange. To deposit cryptocurrency to your Crypto.com Exchange wallet you must first complete the KYC verification process.  If you are not a Crypto.com App user, follow the below steps; otherwise, you can complete an internal transfer.  Visit crypto.com/exchange and select the Log In button (upper right-hand corner). After you have logged in to your account, click Wallet. Find your cryptocurrency to deposit and select Deposit (e.g. we’ll be using CRO as a reference). There are two ways to deposit cryptocurrency to the Exchange: Click on Copy Address, and paste it to the platform where you intend to withdraw your funds from OR  Use your platform’s mobile app to scan the QR code displayed on the Deposit dialogue 5. Review your platform’s withdrawal details including: the token is a ERC-20 token the correct deposit address is copied any applicable fees other confirmation details i.e. processing time 6. The number of confirmations required to deposit crypto to the        Crypto.com Exchange is as follows: Coin Name Deposit Confirmations XRP Ripple 1 XLM Stellar 1 ATOM Cosmos 1 ALGO Algorand 1 EOS EOS 1 (LIB) ICX Icon 3 NEO NEO 5 BTC Bitcoin 6 BCH Bitcoin Cash 6 LTC Litecoin 12 ENJ Enjin Coin 12 VET VeChain 12 ETH Ethereum 12 CRO Cronos 12 USDT TetherUS 12 USDC USDC 12 LINK Chainlink 12 KNC KyberNetwork 12 ADA Cardano 15 XTZ Tezos 30 ETC Ethereum Classic 20000 7. After the required number of confirmations has been processed, an email                    notification about the successful deposit will be sent to the registered email.  Note: Deposits and withdrawals of LTC using MimbleWimble Extension Blocks (MWEB) are not supported in the Crypto.com App and Exchange  For more information on deposits to the Exchange, please visit: Deposits and Withdrawals on the Exchange. 
How to withdraw Cryptocurrency from your Crypto.com Exchange wallet?
 To withdraw cryptocurrency from your Crypto.com Exchange wallet you must first complete the KYC verification process. Visit crypto.com/exchange and select the Log In button (upper right-hand corner). After you have logged in to your account, click Wallet. Find your cryptocurrency to withdraw and select Withdraw from the ⋯ menu. Withdraw to an external wallet address OR Withdraw to your Crypto.com App if you have connected your Crypto.com App to the Exchange 5. If you are withdrawing to an external address (and not your Crypto.com App), you will first need to add a withdrawal address by selecting Add Withdrawal Address.  6. Adding a new wallet address will need the following:  a. Ensure the currency selected is the right currency you are withdrawing to.    You will only see relevant addresses when you decide to withdraw CRО (i.e. if you add a BTC wallet address and are withdrawing CRO, you will not see the BTC address)b. Add a Label for the addressc. Input your SMS OTP and Google verification coded. Select Save Address  **Please note there will be a 24-hour withdrawal lock on the newly added withdrawal address  7. Select the withdrawal address in the drop-down list and review the amount you want to withdraw.  8. Select Review Withdrawal once you are ready.  9. Review Withdraw details. The amount you receive will be the amount after the withdrawal fee has been deducted, where applicable.  10. Input your SMS OTP and 2FA code generated by your authenticator app.  11. Select Confirm to Withdraw. Withdrawals to external wallets can take up to 2 hours to process.  For more information on withdrawals from the Exchange, please visit: Deposits and Withdrawals on the Exchange.
What is a UBO?
 An Ultimate Beneficial Owner (UBO) is the final person who owns or manages a company. This person does not have to be known directly as the owner, they may own the company through another company. A company cannot be the ultimate beneficial owner, it must be a person. 
What information MUST be provided?
 In submitting the application, it is important to identify all ubos with 25% or more ownership of the entity registering the account. Importantly, information must be provided even if the owner does not directly own the entity, but through another business. This could be 1 business, or multiple businesses which in aggregate own 25% or more of the entity registering the account. 
UBO (Ultimate Beneficial Owner) examples
 In all of the examples, the UBO is identified in blue. Information collection is required for all UBOs.   **Patty owns 25% of SS through her 10% ownership of PPTR (giving her 5% of SS) and her 100% ownership of PP (giving her 20% of SS). Patty and Mary are both UBOs.
What can you do on the Trading Arena?
 Register for trading competitions by clicking on the “Register Now” button under the applicable race View the top 10 Leaderboard as well as your current ranking and trading volume in the race Check and change your username. Your new username will be applied to the competitions you’re currently participating in, and future competitions that you register for. Check eligibility rules & details for the current competition and see a detailed breakdown of rewards for the top-ranking users View all past Trading Arena competitions
How do I check my participation in the current competition? How do I check my leaderboard position?
 On the Trading Arena landing page you can find your current ranking and accumulated trading volume from when you first enrolled in the race. 
How often is the leaderboard updated?
 Trading Arena’s leaderboard is updated approximately every 30 minutes.
How do I change my username in the race?
 From the Trading Arena landing page, click on the pencil mark "✏️"  to modify your username. You may change your user name up to 10 times every 30 days. Your new username will be applied to the competitions you’re currently participating in, and future competitions that you register for.
How much time is left until the end of the competition?
 You may refer to the countdown timer on the Trading Arena landing page or click on “Details” to see Campaign Period.
Where can I find details about the rewards?
 From the Trading Arena Landing page, click “Details” and scroll down to the “Rewards” section.
Where can I find details about past competitions?
 From the Trading Arena Landing page, click “Details” you will be directed to see all the campaign details. Only companies are eligible for an institutional account, which have different onboarding and KYC requirements.  To find out more information, please apply for an institutional account on the Crypto.com Exchange by submitting your application through the following link.  Institutional account application  
Which Crypto.com Exchange transactions can be exported?
 The following transactions can be exported:  All fund movements and position settlements within your wallet from 1 Nov 2022 onwards. You can see journal entries of deposits, withdrawals, trading, session settlement, margin interest, staking activities and rewards, and airdrops, among others.  All deposits and withdrawals of crypto assets into and out of the Exchange in detail.  All orders and trades executed on the Exchange from 1 Nov 2022 onwards. The ‘Instrument’ column will note if a record is a Spot instrument or a Derivatives instrument The ‘Margin Order’ column indicates if a trade is a Spot or Margin trade. ‘True’ means it is a Margin trade, and ‘false’ means it is a Spot trade. See the section below to check how transaction histories were executed before 1 Nov 2022. All records of CRO staking interest and Soft Staking interest  All records of Referral Bonus rewards and trading fee commissions  All records of rewards for users who participated in Supercharger via the Exchange 
How do I export my Crypto.com Exchange transaction records?
 Here’s how you can export your transaction history: Navigate to the relevant page of the report required Input the date range, select the filter(s), and click Search Click on the Export icon after inputting the required filter(s). The report will run in the background and download automatically when it’s ready. Do not refresh the browser, as it will cancel the export process. You can export one report at a time.
How much data can be exported?
 For Wallet transactions, you can export up to a date range of one month. For all other reports, you can export up to 6 months of data. Reports are limited to 65,000 records. 
How do I resolve failed exports?
 Failed exports may occur because the data volume is too high. Please input a shorter date range and/or fewer instruments to resolve this. Do not refresh the browser, as it may interrupt the export process. If you have a high trading volume that exceeds the data limit, please email our Customer Support team at [email protected]. 
How do I check my transaction history before 1 Nov 2022?
 The Archive section is available to users who had Exchange accounts before 1 Nov 2022, or prior to the 3.0 version upgrade. As detailed in the Gen 3.0 Exchange migration FAQ, all active and hidden wallets will be migrated into Sub-accounts.  Sub-accounts that were Spot Wallets or Margin Wallets will have the Archive section in the Dashboard menu. Users can switch to the corresponding Sub-accounts and navigate to the Archive section to review and export transaction histories before 1 Nov 2022.  Sub-accounts that were previously Spot Wallets: Order History Transaction History Sub-account Transfer History Sub-accounts that were previously Margin Wallets: Order History Transaction History Borrowing & Repayment Interest Liquidation History Sub-accounts that were previously Derivatives Wallets will not have an Archive section. The transaction and trade history will be available directly from the Wallet or Orders section. You will be able to access transaction histories before and after 1 Nov 2022 in the same ways as described above.   We have changed our identity verification requirements on the Crypto.com Exchange for security purposes.  Starting 31 December 2020 00:00:00 UTC, all Exchange users must submit a valid identity document and photo in order to have full access to our Exchange services.  All Starter users must complete the verification process to avoid access restriction.  If you've already been verified at Advanced level, no further action is required. In your Profile, you will be able to check your account verification status on the Crypto.com Exchange. Description: You have restricted access in the Exchange and further verification is required for additional features. Description: Your submitted application is pending our team's review. This is a case-by-case process and may take anywhere from a few hours to a couple of business days, depending on many factors (e.g. your country of application, nationality, quality of the pictures, etc.). If your status does not change within 3 business days, please contact Support through email ([email protected]) with the email subject as: Exchange verification status. You may be asked to provide us with additional information. Please be mindful of our instructions and never send us any personal information we did not request (including pictures, scans, PDFs, etc.). Description: Your verification is complete and you can proceed to deposit, withdraw, and trade crypto on the Exchange.
USD Transfer
 Before making a USD transfer, please ensure you have: Activated your Crypto.com Exchange USD Fiat Wallet Linked at least one bank account to your Exchange account
Onboarding
 Please note that you can currently activate your USD Fiat Wallet and link bank accounts only on the desktop and mobile web versions of the Exchange.  Step 1: Click Wallet in the left navigation panel and select either Deposit or Withdraw in the USD Bundle’s (USD) row above CRO Step 2: Click Deposit/Withdraw USD under the Fiat section Step 3: Read the instructions on activating your Fiat Wallet and click Next Step 4: Enter your residential address Step 5: Confirm your address’s details, accept the Exchange Fiat Wallet Terms & Conditions, and click Submit  Step 1: After activating your USD Fiat Wallet, read the Bank Account Setup instructions and click Next Step 2: Fill in your SWIFT bank account information and click Confirm Step 3: Confirm your account details and click Submit Step 4: You will now be asked to make one deposit to verify your bank account. Click Deposit Now. Step 5: Make a transfer to the bank account shown. Once this initial deposit is successful, your bank account will be verified.  Alternatively, you can link your bank account to the Bank Transfer page via the left navigation panel after successfully activating your USD Fiat Wallet. Just so you know, this page won't be visible until your Fiat Wallet has been activated. 
Deposit
 Step 1: Navigate to the Wallet page in the left navigation panel Step 2: Click Deposit in the USD Bundle’s (USD) row above CRO Step 3: Click Deposit USD under the Fiat section Step 4: Select the bank account that you would like to make a deposit from and click View Deposit Details Step 5: Make a bank transfer from the account shown in the pop-up window  Step 1: Navigate to the Wallets tab Step 2: Tap Deposit Step 3: Select Fiat Step 4: Select the bank account that you would like to make a deposit from and tap View Deposit Details Step 5: Make a bank transfer from the account shown in the following screen 
Other Deposit FAQs
 Is there a fee for depositing U.S. dollars into the Crypto.com Exchange?  Crypto.com does not charge any fees for USD deposits via SWIFT, but your bank may apply a processing fee. Please reach out to your bank for more information regarding this fee.  Are there any deposit limits for USD?  Yes. The deposit limits are shown below: Minimum Deposit: US$100 Maximum Deposit: US$100,000 or five times per day / US$1 million or 30 times per month (a month is counted as 30 days)  How long do deposits take to process? Deposits via SWIFT will take three to six business days to process. 
Withdrawal
 Step 1: Navigate to the Wallet page in the left navigation panel Step 2: Click the … button and select Withdraw in the USD Bundle’s (USD) row above CRO Step 3: Click Withdraw USD under the Fiat section Step 4: Click Withdraw Now on the instruction page Step 5: Select a verified bank account from that you wish to withdraw your funds to, enter a valid withdrawal amount, and click Review Withdrawal Step 6: Confirm the withdrawal details, enter the 2FA code generated by your authenticator app, and click Confirm to Withdraw Step 7: You will see a toast message at the top-right corner if your withdrawal request is successfully submitted  Step 1: Navigate to the Wallets tab Step 2: Tap Withdraw Step 3: Select Fiat Step 4: Tap Withdraw Now on the instruction page Step 5: Select a verified bank account from that you wish to withdraw your funds to, enter a valid withdrawal amount, and click Review Withdrawal Step 6: Confirm the withdrawal’s details and tap Withdraw Now Step 7: Enter the 2FA code generated by your authenticator app Step 8: You will see a toast message at the top-right corner if your withdrawal request is successfully submitted 
Other Withdrawal FAQs
 Is there a fee for withdrawing U.S. dollars from the Crypto.com Exchange?  Yes. There is a US$25 fee charged for every USD withdrawal via SWIFT.  Are there any withdrawal limits for USD?  Yes. The withdrawal limits are shown below: Minimum Withdrawal: US$500 Maximum Withdrawal: US$100,000 or five times per day / US$500,000 or 30 times per month (a month is counted as 30 days)  How long does it take for withdrawals to be processed? Withdrawals via SWIFT will take two to five business days to process, depending on the receiving bank. 
General Questions and Tips
 Which bank network am I eligible to make transfers to and from?  Global retail users will only be eligible to make USD transfers via SWIFT.  How many bank accounts can I link to my USD Fiat Wallet on the Crypto.com Exchange?  A maximum of five bank accounts can be linked to your Exchange account You will have to remove a bank account if you reach your limit and would like to add a new one Pending accounts count toward your maximum account limit. However, rejected accounts do not.  How do I remove a bank account?  Currently, you can only remove a bank account on the desktop and mobile web versions of the Crypto.com Exchange. Navigate to Bank Transfer via the left navigation panel to see your list of Verified, Pending, and/or Rejected bank accounts. You will also see a Delete option next to the bank account. Click it to unlink your bank account from the Exchange.  In what country is this feature available? This feature is available in the countries listed below.  Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Anguilla, Antigua & Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Aruba, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Belgium, Belize, Benin, Bermuda, Bhutan, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, British Virgin Islands, Brunei, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Cayman Islands, Chad, Chile, Colombia, Comoros, Cook Islands, Costa Rica, Cote d'Ivoire, Croatia, Curaçao, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, East Timor (Timor-Leste), Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Faroe Islands, Fiji, Finland, France, French Guiana, French Polynesia, Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Gibraltar, Greece, Greenland, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guernsey, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Isle of Man, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jersey, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kiribati, Kosovo, Kuwait, Laos, Latvia, Lesotho, Liberia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Macau, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Malta, Marshall Islands, Martinique, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mayotte, Mexico, Micronesia, Moldova, Monaco, Mongolia, Montenegro, Montserrat, Morocco, Mozambique, Nauru, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, North Macedonia, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Palau, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Reunion, Romania, Russia, Rwanda, Saint Helena, Samoa, San Marino, Sao Tome & Principe, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, St Pierre & Miquelon, St. Kitts & Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Thailand, Togo, Tonga, Trinidad & Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Turks & Caicos Islands, Tuvalu, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Vietnam, Wallis and Futuna, Western Sahara, Zambia Compliance is one of our core competence areas. Thus, we need to collect the necessary information in order to allow our users to transact on the Crypto.com Exchange on top of the general KYC verification process. 
Required Information:
 First and Last name Nationality Date of Birth Email Mobile number to receive a one-time passcode (OTP) ID Submission Photo To trade cryptocurrency on the Crypto.com Exchange, you must first be at the Starter level or higher. Visit crypto.com/exchange and select the Log In button (upper right-hand corner). After you have logged in to your account, you will be able to make trades on the Exchange. Navigate to the Markets page on the top left of the navigation bar. Select the market you want to trade in. Navigate to the pair you want to trade in (e.g. CRO/USDT), and select Trade. Navigate to the bottom right corner to find the Limit, Market, and Advanced order areas. Select the type of order you want to trade with and fill in the necessary fields.
Note:
 A. The default price in the Limit order is the last price it was traded at.  B. If the market price of CRO/USDT is 0.1605 but you want to buy at 1.595, you can place a limit order. You can see it in the open orders if it is not fulfilled immediately.  C. The percentages shown underneath refer to the proportion of one currency you have to purchase the other currency.  In the example below, I want to use 25% of my USDT holdings (882.30 USDT) at the price of 0.16 to generate a limit order scenario. This amounts to 5514.360 CRO. I can place a buy-limit order to create this order. 
Crypto.com Exchange Trading Pair Limit
 The Daily Trading Limit is the maximum trading amount for a token across 24 hours. This limit applies to your Master and Sub accounts and is reset on a rolling basis. The final daily trading limit will be the lower of the base currency limit and notional USD limit. Visit this page to view the complete list of trading rules.  Crypto.com places trading limits on trading pairs that are typically only listed on decentralized exchanges.  You will see this message if your order for a trading pair surpasses its limit:
What happened to my former wallets after the GEN 3.0 Crypto.com Exchange migration?
 Your former Wallets (Spot, Margin and Derivatives) will be migrated to replicate the 1:1 Account-Wallet framework: All former Wallets (Spot, Margin and Derivatives) will be mapped into its own respective Account or Sub-account.  In GEN 3.0 Exchange, each and every Account (incl. Sub-accounts) will only contain only one corresponding Wallet (“One Wallet”), rather than 3 separate Wallets (Spot, Margin and Derivatives) per Account as experienced in previous Exchange versions. If you are eligible, you will be able to trade Spot, Margin and Derivatives with the new One Wallet, without the need for three different wallets. 
How can I identify my former wallets in the GEN 3.0 Exchange?
 If your former Master account or sub-accounts have more than one wallet, we will differentiate the newly replicated sub-accounts by numbers. You can also view the former wallet type of the newly replicated sub-accounts in the Account Management page when you are logged into your Master Account.  While you are on your Master Account, navigate to Account Management page:  User Centre > Account Management page Refer to “Former Wallet” column to identify the former wallet type A newly created sub-account in GEN 3.0 Exchange will not have a former wallet type in the column.  Additional Note:  For more information on sub-account management, refer to the FAQ on Sub-accounts here. The Crypto.com Exchange supports the following pairs for Spot trading in the US:  Check current prices on the Exchange Markets and follow @Cryptocom_Insto for updates on new pair listings. USDT Pairs USD Bundle Pairs* BTC Pairs BTC/USDT CRO/USD ETH/BTC ETH/USDT BTC/USD CRO/BTC ADA/USDT ETH/USD ADA/BTC ALGO/USDT ADA/USD SOL/BTC ATOM/USDT DOT/USD MATIC/BTC AVAX/USDT DOGE/USD MANA/BTC AXS/USDT LTC/USD DOT/BTC BCH/USDT AVAX/USD LINK/BTC DOGE/USDT MANA/USD ATOM/BTC DOT/USDT LINK/USD LTC/BTC EOS/USDT ATOM/USD WBTC/BTC ICP/USDT XLM/USD XLM/BTC LINK/USDT AR/USD DOGE/BTC LTC/USDT EGLD/USD ALGO/BTC MANA/USDT ENJ/USD ICP/BTC MATIC/USDT FTM/USD EOS/BTC SOL/USDT FLOW/USD AVAX/BTC YFI/USDT GALA/USD BCH/BTC SHIB/USDT ONE/USD YFI/BTC CRV/USDT KSM/USD AXS/BTC AAVE/USDT NEAR/USD  XTZ/USDT QNT/USD  FIL/USDT SAND/USD  ETC/USDT RUNE/USD  HBAR/USDT USDT/USD  KLAY/USDT   MKR/USDT   NEO/USDT   SNX/USDT   GRT/USDT   UNI/USDT   VET/USDT   * All USDC-denominated trading pairs have now been replaced with USD Bundle-denominated ones following the release of the GEN 3.0 Crypto.com Exchange on 1 November 2022 
Limit Orders
 Limit orders are placed in the order book with a specific limit price. The limit price determines the maximum or minimum price the user wants to trade. The order will be filled if the last price reaches the limit price or is better.  A Limit order may be filled with different prices to fulfill the order amount. Sell Limit orders will fill when the last price is equal to or greater than the limit price. Buy Limit orders will fill when the last price is equal to or less than the limit price.
Market Orders
 Buy/Sell Market orders are executed immediately at the best available price. This means it will take any open orders on the order book (e.g. Open Limit orders). A market order may be filled with different prices in order to fulfill the order amount.  Market orders will be executed immediately at the best available price on the market and the unfilled portion (if any) will be canceled automatically. Maker orders will always incur taker fees.
About unfilled quantity for Market Order
 For placing Market Order through API, there are 2 possible ways in specifying how much to buy/sell: With a fixed quantity (parameter quantity) With a notional value (parameter notional) If the Market Order is sent using “fixed quantity”, the order will be filled afterwards, and there will be a slight chance to get a tiny portion of the order left unfilled, mostly due to a volatile market condition.  Sample specification of such usage for reference: https://exchange-docs.crypto.com/spot/index.html#private-create-order https://exchange-docs.crypto.com/spot/index.html#private-create-order-list https://exchange-docs.crypto.com/spot/index.html#private-margin-create-order https://exchange-docs.crypto.com/spot/index.html#private-margin-create-order-list
Advanced Order Types in the Crypto.com Exchange include:
 Stop-Loss Limit/Stop-Loss Market Take-Profit Limit/Take-Profit Market One-Cancels-The-Other Order (OCO) Limit/OCO Market These order types are available for fully-funded Spot and Perpetual and Futures contracts trades. They are not available for Margin and Warrants trading.  Managing loss or securing profits, no matter which direction the market heads. Saving time by automatically entering or exiting the market. Stop-Loss, Take-Profit, and OCO orders are conditional orders. Balances are reserved only when the triggering conditions are met. This is when a conditional order becomes a live order and gets entered into the order book. If there is an insufficient balance when the conditional order is triggered, it may be canceled. Please ensure that you have sufficient asset and collateral balances in your account to support conditional orders.  Advanced order types can be found in the dropdown menu shown below:  Visit these articles for more information on specific advanced order types: Stop-Loss and Take-Profit Limit / Market Order One-Cancels-The-Other (OCO) Limit / Market Order A Post-Only Order is placed if it is allowed to enter the order book. Should a user submit a Post-Only Order that would cross the book (i.e. a buy order that is higher than the last price), it will be canceled. This particular order type is useful if you only wish to pay maker fees.  These are currently available for the Derivatives market only.  GTC orders remain in the order book until they are filled or canceled by the user.  FOK orders allow the user to specify a price for an asset and the order will only be executed if it can be fully filled. Example: If a user creates a FOK order to buy 1 BTC at US$35,000, the order will only be executed if there is a sell order for at least 1 BTC at US$35,000 or less. If there is a sell order for 0.8 BTC at US$35,000, the FOK order will not be executed since it will only be partially filled.  IOC orders allow the user to specify a price for an asset and the order will only be executed against any available orders in the order book. If the order is partially filled, any residual amount will be canceled.  Example: If a user creates an IOC order to buy 1 BTC at US$35,000 and there is an existing sell order in the order book for 0.8 BTC at US$35,000, only 0.8 BTC will be purchased. The order for the remaining 0.2 BTC will be immediately canceled. Stop-Loss and Take-Profit are conditional orders that automatically place a mark or limit order when the mark price reaches a trigger price specified by the user. If the mark price reaches or exceeds the trigger price, the Stop-Loss/Take-Profit order will be converted to a live order and placed in the order book. If the mark price does not reach the trigger price, the Stop-Loss/Take-Profit order will remain active until it is canceled or triggered.  If you’re placing a Stop-Loss/Take-Profit limit order:  The Trigger Price has to be set within the range stated below: Instrument minimum tick size < Trigger Price < 200% of the current instrument mark price The Limit Price should be within the bandwidth stated below:Spot pairs: Aggressive bandwidth: 25% of the Trigger Price Passive bandwidth: 0.1x of the Trigger Price for Buy orders, 10x of the Trigger Price for Sell orders Perpetuals and Futures contracts: Aggressive bandwidth: 5% of the Trigger Price Passive bandwidth: 50% of the Trigger Price If you’re placing a Stop-Loss/Take-Profit market order, you need to enter the trigger price according to the conditions described above. Once the mark price reaches the trigger price, a mark order will be placed at the next available price.  Stop-Loss orders can help traders mitigate risk by automatically closing a long/short position if the price moves unfavorably. A Stop-Loss order can also be placed if the user does not have an open position.  A user can only place a Sell Stop-Loss order if the trigger price is below the current mark price, and a Buy order if the trigger price is above the current mark price.  Advanced Order Type Side Mark Price (USD) Trigger Price (USD) Limit Price (USD) Triggering Condition Stop-Loss Limit Sell 25,000 20,000 19,000 If Mark Price <= 19,500 Stop-Loss Market Buy 25,000 50,000 n.a. If Mark Price >= 50,000     Take-Profit orders can help traders lock in a profit by automatically closing a position if the price moves favorably. A Take-Profit order can also be placed if the user does not have an open position.  Users can only place a Buy Take-Profit order if the trigger price is below the current mark price, and a Sell order if the trigger price is above the current mark price.   Advanced Order Type Side Mark Price (USD) Trigger Price (USD) Limit Price (USD) Triggering Condition Take-Profit Limit Buy 20,000 19,000 18,000 If Mark Price <= 19,000 Take-Profit Market Sell 20,000 25,000 n.a. If Mark Price >= 25,000   
What is a One-Cancels-the-Other (OCO) Order?
 A One-Cancels-the-Other (OCO) Order allows users to place two orders at the same time. Users are able to place a limit order with a stop order, and only one of them will be executed.  When either one of the above orders is executed, the other is automatically canceled. This allows users to take a profit while minimizing potential loss. The OCO order type is available for Spot trading pairs and Futures and Perpetual contracts only.  There are two types of OCO orders: OCO Limit - Simultaneously places a Limit Order and Stop-Limit Order OCO Market - Simultaneously places a Limit Order and Stop-Market Order
How do I place an OCO Order?
 Log in to the Crypto.com Exchange. Then, access a Spot trading pair or Perpetual or Futures contract you would like to trade. Tap on the order type arrow and select OCO Limit or OCO Market in the dropdown menu.Important: When Margin trading is toggled on, advanced order types will not be available. You have to toggle off Margin trading first in order to select advanced order types. To place an OCO Limit or Market order, you need to have a sufficient balance to support either the Limit Order (Leg 1) or Stop Order (Leg 2). The order value will be locked in when the OCO order is placed. OCO Order Input Fields: Leg 1 (Limit Order) Price: Enter the limit price of the Limit Order For a BUY OCO Order: The Leg 1 Limit Price should be LESS than the mark price, with a minimum price buffer of 0.5% For a SELL OCO Order: The Leg 1 Limit Price should be GREATER than the mark price, with a minimum price buffer of 0.5% Leg 2 (for OCO Limit Orders) Trigger: The price at which the Stop-Limit Order will be triggered. The trigger price should be at least 0.5% higher than the mark price. Limit: The limit price of the Stop-Limit Order after the trigger price is reached. For BUY OCO Orders: The Leg 2 Limit Price should be GREATER than the Leg 1 Limit Price For SELL OCO Orders: The Leg 2 Limit Price should be LOWER than the Leg 1 Limit Price  OR  Leg 2 (for OCO Market Orders) Trigger: The price at which the Stop-Market Order will be triggered. Once the trigger price is reached, the limit order in the first leg will be canceled. Then, the stop order in the second leg will be executed at the next available market price.  Once all fields have been filled in, tap Buy/Sell The Leg 1 Limit Order can be found in the Open Orders tab and Leg 2 Stop Order can be found in the Trigger Orders tab. You can review these from the Trading UI or from the Dashboard Orders section.
How do I cancel an OCO Order?
 If there is an existing OCO order, you can tap Cancel on either leg from the Open Orders or Trigger Orders tabs. Both OCO Order legs (with the same OCO Order ID) will then be canceled at once.
Collateral Weight
 Each Master and Sub-account will be treated as a standalone wallet with its own margin balance, and eligible Spot assets in the wallets will be used as collateral toward the account’s margin balance.  Maximum Collateral Weight (MCW) is the maximum collateral weight applied to each asset. MCW = 0 means that the currency is not eligible to be collateral. MCW > 0 means that the currency is eligible to be collateral.  The actual Collateral Weight (CW) is a function of various risk parameters and is defined by the following formula. You can review the collateral weights of all Spot assets by going to Wallet from the Exchange Dashboard.  Please refer to the Margin Risk Parameters table published here for more information. 
Wallet Balance Details and Key Terms
 Wallet Balance The USD value of all Spot assets held in your Wallet [Pro]. ∑ Spot Assets Value Unrealised PnL Unrealised profit and loss from your open positions before the next 1-hour session settlement. Unrealised PnL = (Mark Price - Last Session Settlement Price) x Position Quantity Margin Balance The USD value you possess to support all open positions and open orders in your Wallet. Margin Balance = Wallet Balance - Non-eligible Collateral Balance - Collateral Haircut + Unrealised PnL Initial Margin The Margin balance you have used / required to maintain all your open positions and open orders. Total margin reserve includes Initial Margin requirement & estimated fees to close position(s). See Initial Margin Calculation following our Smart Cross Margin Policy Available Margin The Margin balance you have available for you to open any new positions and orders. Available Balance = Margin Balance - Initial Margin (including fees) Maintenance Margin The Margin balance required to keep your positions open and avoid Liquidation. Maintenance Margin = 0.5 x Initial Margin Effective Leverage The actual leverage of Positions against the Wallet’s entire Margin balance. Effective Leverage = Total Position Value / Margin Balance Exposure Limit The maximum exposure permitted for Derivatives instruments based on the maximum account leverage specified by the user. Exposure = Derivatives Position Value + Order Value)  x Instrument Exposure Limit Weight (this varies depending on the instrument underlying)  For maximum account leverage < 50x , Exposure limit = No Limit For maximum account leverage ≥ 50x , Exposure Limit = US$3,000,000
Other Terms
 Collateral Weight A weighted adjustment factor applied to collateral assets for their collateral value. The Collateral Weight is specific to each Spot asset (refer to the section above). 0 < Collateral Weight  ≤ 1 Eligible Collateral Balance The USD value of all Spot assets that have a Collateral Weight greater than 0 Eligible Collateral Balance = ∑ Eligible Collateral Asset Value = ∑ Spot Asset Value with Collateral Weight > 0 Non-eligible Collateral Balance The USD value of all Spot assets which have a Collateral Weight equal to 0 Non-eligible Collateral Balance  = ∑ Non-eligible Collateral Asset Value = ∑ Spot Assets Value with Collateral Weight = 0 Collateral Haircut The Collateral Weight adjusted balance deducted from your eligible collateral balance. Collateral Haircut = ∑ Eligible Collateral Asset Value x (1- Collateral Weight)  Where Eligible Collateral Asset Value is positive only (i.e. if Eligible Collateral Asset Value < 0, then Collateral Weight = 1) Withdrawable Balance The quantity of a specific asset you can withdraw from your Wallet.   This does not include realised PnL, unless the open position related to such realised PnL has been settled and after the deduction of applicable fees relating to the closing of the open position. This also does not include assets locked up in staking or unfilled opened orders and initial margin requirements.
Margin Rate
 The Margin Rate is used to determine the Initial Margin requirement. It is defined by the maximum account leverage specified by the user, the risk parameters based on the product type (Perpetuals and Futures), and the exposure quantity following the formula below:  The same Margin Rate applies to positions and orders with the same expiry and underlying. Maximum Account Leverage (MAL) A user defined parameter to specify the maximum leverage permitted at the account level: The maximum MAL permitted on the Crypto.com Exchange is 100x. See how to adjust it below. Maximum Product Leverage (MPL) The maximum leverage permitted for a given instrument. The MPL can range from 1x to 100x depending on the instrument, as defined by the contract specification FAQ.  Spot pairs where “Margin Trading Eligibility = Yes” (for the short leg underlying) → please refer to the Margin Risk Parameters table for the underlying MPL.  Spot pairs where “Margin Trading Eligibility = No” (for the short leg underlying) → MPL = 1x  Perpetuals on BTC and ETH → MPL = 100x.  Perpetuals on other underlying → MPL = 50x. Futures → MPL = 100x Unit Margin Rate (UMR) This value is specific to the instrument underlying. It defines the Margin Rate for holding one unit of the instrument. The UMR is defined by the Crypto.com Exchange Risk Team and is reviewed on a regular basis.  Spot pairs where “Margin Trading Eligibility = Yes” (for the short leg underlying) → please refer to the Margin Risk Parameters table for the UMR.  Spot pairs where “Margin Trading Eligibility = No” (for the short leg underlying) → UMR = 0  Perpetuals → UMR = Underlying UMR x 1.  Futures → UMR = Underlying UMR x 2.5 Position Quantity Sum of all positions and/or order quantities for the given instrument
Initial Margin
 For positions / open orders with the same underlying (e.g. BTC is the underlying for BTC Perpetual and BTC Futures contracts), the system will calculate the Instrument Initial Margin (IM) requirement as per below:  The Instrument IM of all long positions and/or orders with the same underlying are summed. The Instrument IM of all short positions and/or orders are summed (in absolute value). Only orders that increase the underlying risk exposure will be considered (i.e. a long BTC margin trade and simultaneous short BTC Perpetual trade in the same notional will not increase underlying risk exposure and hence will not be considered).  The maximum value of the summed long or short Instrument IM is taken as the Underlying IM (‘side netting’ the IM requirement for positions/orders with the same underlying):  Finally, all Underlying IM requirements are accounted for to compute the account’s Initial Margin requirement:  Initial Margin (excl. fee reserves) =∑  Underlying Initial Margin  Total margin reserve includes Initial Margin requirement & estimated fees to close position(s). 
Initial Margin for Spot Margin Orders
 For Spot Margin orders, the Spot pair is split into two legs: a long leg (underlying currency that you receive), reflected as a positive quantity, and a short leg (underlying currency that you borrow), reflected as a negative quantity.  Initial Margin is calculated and charged for any Spot assets with a net short position (negative quantity). Spot assets with a net long position (positive quantity) are not considered for Initial Margin, but are subject to a collateral haircut. 
Adjusting Your Maximum Account Leverage
 The Maximum Account Leverage is adjustable as long as your account has enough margin balance to meet the new margin requirement. The margin for open orders and open positions will be updated to reflect the new margin requirements. You can adjust it from the Trading Orderbox. 
Restricted Locations from Spot Trading
 Please note that users from the following regions are restricted from participating in Spot Trading: Markets Country Code Afghanistan AF / AFG American Samoa AS / ASM Bangladesh BD / BGD Bolivia BO / BOL Burundi BI / BDI Central Africa Republic CF / CAF Congo, Dem. Rep. CD / COD Cuba CU / CUB Ecuador EC / ECU Eritrea ER / ERI Guam GU /GUM Guinea GN / GIN Guinea-Bissau GW / GNB Hong Kong HK / HKG Iran IR / IRN Iraq IQ / IRQ Kyrgyzstan KG / KGZ Lebanon LB / LBN Libya LY / LBY Mali ML / MLI Malta MT / MLT Minor Outlying Islands UMI Myanmar MM / MMR Namibia NA / NAM Nepal NP / NPL North Korea KP / PRK Northern Mariana Islands MP / MNP People’s Republic of China CN / CHN Puerto Rico PR / PRI Somalia SO / SOM South Sudan SS/SSD Sudan SD / SDN Syria SY / SYR Ukraine - Crimea Region  Ukraine - Donetsk Region  Ukraine - Luhansk/Lugansk Region  Ukraine - Zaporizhzhia Region  Ukraine - Kherson Region  US Virgin Islands VI / VIR Venezuela VE / VEN Yemen YE / YEM Zimbabwe ZW / ZWE This list may change over time as regulation changes.  Please note that the United States and Canadian users are subject to a separate set of Terms and Conditions under Foris DAX, Inc.
Table of Contents
 What are Trading Bots? What are Dollar-Cost-Averaging (DCA) Bots? How to create a DCA Bot? Auto Manual What if I want to create a DCA Bot for more than one coin? How to create a Crypto Basket? How to view your DCA Trading Bots? How do I edit an existing DCA Trading Bot? Can I pause my DCA Trading Bot? How do I resume my Trading Bot? Can I terminate my Bot before the End Date is reached? Does the DCA Bot have any fees? 
What are Trading Bots?
 Trading Bots allow Crypto.com Exchange users to profit or build their positions by automatically placing orders based on pre-set parameters. By setting up a Trading Bot, users do not have to constantly monitor market activity. The Crypto.com Exchange now offers the Dollar-Cost Averaging (DCA) and Grid Trading Bots. 
What are Dollar-Cost-Averaging (DCA) Bots?
 Dollar-Cost-Averaging (DCA) Bots are automated trading Bots that allow users to automatically buy and/or sell crypto at regular intervals over a preset time frame. DCA trading is used by investors who would like to reduce the influence of volatility and accumulate/decumulate positions gradually. This allows users to average the price of their tokens by buying a set amount over a certain period of time.  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aS_eHvtk0Y4 > 
How to create a DCA Bot?
 Any verified Crypto.com Exchange user can create a DCA Bot. DCA Bot can be created for all available spot pairs besides the Discovery tokens. There are two ways to create a DCA Bot: Auto and Manual. Auto allows users to create a DCA Bot in just three steps. The  Manual method is for advanced traders who want to specify a greater number of parameters.  In the Trading Bots page, tap ‘Create a Bot’ on a token you would like to use the DCA Bot on.  Here, you will need to fill out the following parameters: Buy / Sell Every - set a frequency for the recurring buy/sell order For - the duration that the bot will be running for You can then set the following: Buy / Sell Per Order - input an amount of how much you would like to buy or sell, or Total Investment - an aggregated amount that you would like to invest Base Currency Change - select a date that you would like the Bot to start buying/selling *Please note that the DCA Bot will place an order at the token’s market price by default  3. Once the parameters have been filled in, tap ‘Proceed’ and the DCA Bot will be finalised. You will receive a confirmation prompt for your new DCA Bot. Additionally, you can name your DCA Bot if you would like to. 4. Read the Trading Bots T&Cs. Confirm that you have read and agree to the T&Cs after reviewing them. 5. You have successfully created a DCA Bot. You may view its full details under Dashboard > My Bots > DCA Bot.  Any Crypto.com Exchange user can create a DCA Bot on the platform. In the Spot trading page, select a pair you would like to use a DCA Bot for. Beside the Spot tab, select Bots. Here, you will need to fill out the following parameters: Buy or Sell - select whether you want to have an automated buy or sell order If you are opting to sell, ensure you have an available balance for the chosen token Buy / Sell Every - set a frequency for the recurring buy/sell order Time of First Day - select a date that you would like the Bot to start buying/selling Buy / Sell Per Order - input an amount of how much you would like to buy or sell Order Type Market - the DCA Bot will place an order at market price Limit Order - if selected, you are required to set a Limit Price. The limit order will be an Immediate-or-Cancel (IOC) order, i.e. the order must be filled/partially filled immediately, and the unfilled portion will be cancelled. Max. Number of Orders (optional) - set a maximum number of orders to be placed 3. Once the parameters have been filled in, tap the Buy/Sell button for the DCA Bot to be finalised. You will receive a Confirmation Prompt for your Bot. If you wish, you can name your Bot. 4. Read the T&Cs on the Trading Bot. After you have reviewed them, confirm that you have read and agree to the T&Cs. 5. Your DCA Bot has been created successfully. You may view the details under Dashboard > My Bots > DCA. 
What if I want to create a DCA Bot for more than one coin?
 Crypto.com Exchange allows users to create a Crypto Basket, letting them purchase multiple tokens in one click. Creating a Crypto Basket grants users the opportunity to easily diversify their portfolio. The Basket can be customised to align with your risk appetite and investment goals. 
How to create a Crypto Basket?
 Click Create Now under the Crypto Basket section. Alternatively, you can select from a list of suggested Baskets.  Next, you will need to fill out the following parameters: Buy Every - set a frequency for the recurring buy/sell order For - the duration that the trading bot will be running for Base Currency - select the token(s) you would like to invest in on a recurring basis. You can select up to 10 coins. Additionally, you can set an allocation percentage that you would like to distribute your investment amount to. You can then set the following parameters: Buy Per Order - input an amount of how much you would like to buy Total Investment - an aggregated amount that you would like to invest Quote Currency - select the quote currency you would like to purchase your tokens with. Please note that the resulting trading pair needs to be supported on the Crypto.com Exchange in order to successfully create the Bot. Change - select the date that you would like the Bot to start buying/selling Once the parameters have been filled in, tap Proceed to finalise the DCA Bot. You will then receive a confirmation prompt for your Bot. If you wish, you can name your Bot as well. Read the Trading Bot T&Cs. After you have reviewed them, confirm that you have read and agree to the T&Cs. You have successfully created a DCA Bot. You can view the details under Dashboard > My Bots > DCA.
How to view your DCA Trading Bots?
 To view your Trading Bot, navigate to your Dashboard. Here you will be able to see a snapshot of your active Bots and your overall P&L from the Bots. To view your Trading Bots in detail, navigate to Bots > DCA Bots. There is also an option to filter Trading Bots that are Active, Paused, or Ended. The details displayed are: Bot Name Buy/Sell (Base Currency) Every (Frequency) For (Duration) Investment Made Accumulated Tokens Total PnL Current Duration Status If there is a DCA Bot that you would like to view in greater detail, simply click the row you wish to get more information about.
How do I edit an existing DCA Trading Bot?
 Within your Dashboard, navigate to My Bots > DCA Bot screen. Select a Trading Bot that is currently Active. Click onto Actions > Edit Bot  A prompt will pop-up, and the following are parameters that can be updated: Bot Name Frequency (Buy/Sell Every) Buy/Sell Per Order Order Type Max.Number of Orders * Please note you will not be able to edit the “Total Investment” amount. For Basket DCA Bot, you could also remove and add coins you would like to invest in. Please note that the coins you have removed, the accumulated coins will remain in your wallet  Once complete, click Proceed. You will see a summary of your update. After your review, click Confirm. 
Can I pause my DCA Trading Bot?
 Yes, you can pause your DCA Trading Bot. There are two ways to do it: In your Dashboard, navigate to My Bots > DCA Bot. Select a Trading Bot that is currently Active. Click onto Actions > Pause Bot.  A confirmation prompt will pop up. After reviewing it, tap Confirm to pause the selected Bot.
How do I resume my Trading Bot?
 In your Dashboard, navigate to My Bots > DCA Bot. Select a Trading Bot that is currently Paused. Click Actions > Resume Bot. A confirmation prompt will pop up. After reviewing it, click Confirm to resume the selected Bot.
Can I terminate my Bot before the End Date is reached?
 Yes, you can terminate your DCA Trading Bot before its End Date. Follow the steps below: In your Dashboard, navigate to My Bots. Select a Trading Bot that is currently Active. Click onto Actions > End Bot  A Confirmation prompt will appear with the selected Bot’s details. You could choose either to sell accumulated coins or Retain balance in your wallet. For Basket DCA Bot owners, please note if you choose to sell accumulated coins, this only applies to the active coins in your basket (not including the coins you have removed if applicable). After reviewing it, click End Bot. 
Does the DCA Bot have any fees?
 There are no additional fees for using the DCA Bot.  The fees incurred are the same as if you were to place a Limit Order on the Spot Trading Page. There is also an option to pay the fees in CRO.  To view the fees incurred from the DCA Bot, refer to the Wallet > Transaction page.
Table of Contents
 What are Trading Bots? What are Grid Trading Bots? How does the Grid Trading Bot work? How do I create a Grid Trading Bot? Where can I view my Grid Trading Bot orders? How do I edit my Grid Trading Bot? Can I terminate my Grid Trading Bot? Does the Grid Trading Bot have any fees? 
What are Trading Bots?
 Trading Bots allow Crypto.com Exchange users to profit or build their positions by automatically placing orders based on pre-set parameters. By setting up a Trading Bot, users do not have to constantly monitor market activity. The Crypto.com Exchange now offers the Dollar-Cost Averaging (DCA) and Grid Trading Bots. 
What are Grid Trading Bots?
 Grid Trading Bots are programs that allow users to automatically buy low and sell high within a pre-set price range. When one sell order is fully executed, the Grid Trading Bot instantly places a buy order at a lower grid level, and vice versa. The Grid Trading strategy performs best in volatile markets, making profits through a series of orders as a token’s price fluctuates. 
How does the Grid Trading Bot work?
 The Grid Trading Bot automatically buys low and sells high based on the parameters you have set. For example, a user has set up the following Grid Trading Bot: Trading Pair: BTC/USDT Lower Price Limit: 23,800 Upper Price Limit: 25,000 Market Price: 24,300 Number of Grids: 6 Investment: 10,000 USDT Six grids with an equal spread will then be created. I.e. (25,000 - 23,800) / 6 = 200  After a Grid Trading Bot is successfully created, buy orders at the lower price of each grid will be placed immediately.  Since the lower price of the first three grids is greater than the market price of 24,300, these three buy orders are immediately executed. Then, the sell orders would be triggered at the upper price of the grid. Grid Price Order Status Time Point Max. P&L 1st 24,800 Buy Filled At creation (filled at 24,300) 25,000 - 24,300 = 700 1st 25,000 Sell Unfilled After buy order is filled 25,000 - 24,300 = 700 2nd 24,600 Buy Filled At creation (filled at 24,300) 24,800 - 24,300 = 500 2nd 24,800 Sell Unfilled After buy order is filled 24,800 - 24,300 = 500 3rd 24,400 Buy Filled At creation (filled at 24,300) 24,600 - 24,300 = 300 3rd 24,600 Sell Unfilled After buy order is filled 24,600 - 24,300 = 300 4th 24,200 Buy Unfilled Buy order placed  5th 24,000 Buy Unfilled Buy order placed  6th 23,800 Buy Unfilled Buy order placed  The market price drops to the lower price of the fourth grid at 24,200. The buy order then executes and triggers a new sell order at 24,400, the upper price of the same grid.  Grid Price Order Status Time Point  Max. P&L 1st 24,800 Buy Filled At creation (filled at 24,300) 25,000 - 24,300 = 700 1st 25,000 Sell Unfilled After buy order is filled 25,000 - 24,300 = 700 2nd 24,600 Buy Filled At creation (filled at 24,300) 24,800 - 24,300 = 500 2nd 24,800 Sell Unfilled After buy order is filled 24,800 - 24,300 = 500 3rd 24,400 Buy Filled At creation (filled at 24,300) 24,600 - 24,300 = 300 3rd 24,600 Sell Unfilled After buy order is filled 24,600 - 24,300 = 300 4th 24,200 Buy Filled Buy order placed 24,400 - 24,200 = 200 4th 24,400 Sell Unfilled After buy order above is filled 24,400 - 24,200 = 200 5th 24,000 Buy Unfilled   6th 23,800 Buy Unfilled   The market price starts building momentum and hits the upper price of the fourth grid at 24,400. A sell order is executed and the Bot immediately places another buy order. Here, the bot has earned a profit of 200 USDT. Grid Price Order Status Time Point  Max. P&L 1st 24,800 Buy Filled At creation (filled at 23,300) 25,000 - 24,300 = 700 1st 25,000 Sell Unfilled After buy order is filled 25,000 - 24,300 = 700 2nd 24,600 Buy Filled At creation (filled at 24,300) 24,800 - 24,300 = 500 2nd 24,800 Sell Unfilled After buy order is filled 24,800 - 24,300 = 500 3rd 24,400 Buy Filled At creation (filled at 24,300) 24,600 - 24,300 = 300 3rd 24,600 Sell Unfilled After buy order is filled 24,600 - 24,300 = 300 4th 24,200 Buy Filled Buy order placed 24,400 - 24,200 = 200 4th 24,400 Sell Filled When market price hits 24,400 24,400 - 24,200 = 200 4th 24,200 Buy Unfilled Buy order placed after Sell order above is filled 24,400 - 24,200 = 200 5th 24,000 Buy Unfilled   6th 23,800 Buy Unfilled   The Grid Trading Bot will continue to place and fill buy and sell orders depending on the pre-set intervals. If the market price exceeds the grids’ limits, no orders will be placed.  Please take note that the potential returns per grid should not be regarded as a guarantee of future return. For example, in a downtrending market, buy orders may be placed based on your pre-set parameters, and you could be holding filled buy positions until such time that the market builds momentum again and the corresponding sell orders are placed and filled. Please read the Terms and Conditions, Risk Disclosure Statement and this FAQ carefully before you use the Bots. 
How do I create a Grid Trading Bot?
 Any verified Crypto.com Exchange user which is not restricted from Spot Trading can create a Grid Trading Bot. There are two ways to create one: Auto and Manual. The Auto method has pre-set parameters, allowing less experienced users to create a Bot easily. The Manual method is for advanced traders who wish to fine-tune their Bot by specifying the price range and number of grids.  Before you set up a Grid Trading Bot, you must read and agree to the Terms and Conditions, Risk Disclosure Statement, and this FAQ. Navigate to any of the following pages to create a Grid Trading Bot for the Spot market: Spot Trading Trading Bots My Bots Select a trading pair that you would like to create a Bot for. Here, you can select either the Auto or Manual method to create your Bot. For the Auto method, you will need to set the following parameters: Quote Currency - The token that is used to value the base currency Total Investment - The total amount you would like to invest (in your chosen base currency) Base Currency - The token that your Quote Currency will be traded against. Both currencies must form a trading pair that exists in the Crypto.com Exchange. The price range and a number of grids will be automatically filled based on the latest weekly data of your chosen trading pair. Please note that the weekly data shown should not be regarded as a guarantee of future return.  For the Manual method, you will need to set the following parameters: Mode: Arithmetic - Each grid has an equal price difference Geometric - Each grid has an equal price difference ratio Lower Price - The bottom of the grid trading price range. When the market price drops below this figure, orders will not be executed. Upper Price - The top of the grid trading price range. When the market price rises above this figure, orders will not be executed. Grid Number - This dictates the frequency of trades and the width between each limit order Total Investment - The total amount you will like to invest (in your chosen base currency) Advanced Settings (Optional) Stop Loss Price - This amount should be below the lower price. When the market price hits the Stop Loss Price, the Grid Trading Bot will sell a pre-set portion of the base currency at the market price to cut losses for the user. The Bot will then be automatically terminated. Take Profit Price - This amount should be above the upper price. When the market price hits the Take Profit Price, the Grid Trading Bot will sell a pre-set portion of the base currency at the market price to take profit for the user. The Bot will then be automatically terminated.   2. Once all the parameters have been filled in, tap ‘Proceed’ and your Grid Trading Bot will be finalised. You will then receive a confirmation prompt for your new Bot. At this stage, you can set a name for your Bot as well. 3. Read the Exchange T&Cs, these FAQs and the Risk Disclosure Statement. Confirm that you have read and agree to these documents after reviewing them. 4. You have successfully created a Grid Trading Bot. You may view its full details by navigating to Dashboard > My Bots > Grid 
Where can I view my Grid Trading Bot orders?
 To view the performance of your trading bots, navigate to your Dashboard. Here, you will be able to see a snapshot of all your active trading bots and their overall P&L. To view your Grid Trading Bots in detail, navigate to My Bots > Grid Bots. In this page, you can filter your Grid Trading Bots to show which are still active and which have ended.  3. These details will be displayed on this page: Most Profitable Bot Total PnL Grid Bot Name Trading Pair Total Investment Accumulated Tokens Total PnL Grid PnL Active For (displays the time period that the Grid Bot has been active for) Actions: Edit Bot End Bot 4. If there is a Grid Trading Bot that you would like to view in greater detail, simply click the row for that particular Grid Trading Bot that you wish to get more information on. Here, you can see the transaction history of that particular Grid Trading Bot. 
How do I edit my Grid Trading Bot?
 From your Dashboard, navigate to My Bots > Grid Bot. Select a Grid Trading Bot that is currently active. Click Edit. 4. A prompt will pop up and the following are parameters that you can update: Bot Name Stop Loss/Take Profit Price (*this is only applicable for Grid Trading Bots that were created with the Manual method)  5. Once complete, click Proceed. You will then see a summary of the updates you made. After you have reviewed the details, click Confirm. 
Can I terminate my Grid Trading Bot?
 Yes, you can terminate your Grid Trading Bot before its End Date. Here’s how: From your Dashboard, navigate to My Bots > Grid. Select a Grid Trading Bot that is currently Active. Click Actions > End Bot. A confirmation prompt will then appear, along with your selected Bot’s details. Retain them in your Wallet Sell all the accumulated tokens - this will be automatically sold on the spot market at the market price  3. After selecting an option, click End Bot. 
Does the Grid Trading Bot have any fees?
 There are no additional fees for using the Grid Trading Bot.  The fees incurred are the same as a manual limit order for a Spot trade.  To view the fees incurred from the Grid Trading Bot, refer to the Spot Transaction History page.
Trading Bot - Risk Warning
 Risk Warning: Trading Bots allow users to automatically place orders based on pre-set parameters. Using Trading Bots does not mean that your returns are guaranteed. Please take note that any information provided by us in relation to the Trading Bots should not be regarded as financial, trading or investment advice, and that your investment is subject to risks and the potential loss of some or all of the principal invested. By using the Trading Bots, you agree that you are solely responsible for making your own independent assessment of any information provided by us and that you have read through and are aware of all the terms and conditions (in particular Annex I: Risk Disclosure Statement) and FAQs (Grid and DCA) applicable to the Trading Bots and the risks involved.  In particular, Virtual Asset trading is subject to high market risk and price volatility. The price of a Virtual Asset may move up or down, and may become valueless. It is as likely that losses will be incurred rather than profit made as a result of buying and selling Virtual Assets.  Please consult your own tax, legal and other advisers if you are unsure of the risks of using Trading Bots. You expressly acknowledge that any use of a Trading Bot at your own risk is based on your own independent review and assessment of its suitability for you, taking into account your specific objectives, financial situation, investment experience, knowledge, and needs.
What is OTC Trading?
 The Over-the-Counter (OTC) trading service (“OTC Trading Service”) allows Crypto.com’s selected institutional and VIPs to place large block orders and receive custom quotes instantly.  The OTC Trading Service is available 24/7, allowing transacted funds to be deposited and withdrawn upon trade confirmation.  If you would like to find out more about establishing an Institutional Account or joining the Exchange Global VIP Programme, please refer to the following links, or contact our Sales Team at [email protected] for more details. How to apply for an Institutional Account How to join the Exchange Global VIP Programme The OTC Trading Services are offered as follows: Variable Key details OTC Provider (Canadian residents) Foris DAX, Inc OTC Provider (outside Canada) CRO DAX Limited OTC Client Portal https://crypto.com/exchange/otc OTC API https://exchange-docs.crypto.com/spot/index.html#otc-trading-api These details may change.  Please check these FAQs before you trade. No additional registration is required to access the OTC Trading Service.  If you are a Crypto.com selected Institutional or VIP user, you are automatically enrolled for it. 
Is OTC Trading Service subject to additional requirements?
 Yes – the following requirements apply to OTC Trading Service: Minimum Trading Limit: each quote and trade is subject to the Minimum Trading Limit of 50,000USDC or its equivalent for retail users; 100,000USDC or its equivalent for institutional users Maximum Quote Limit: you will only be able to submit 1 quote request every 10 seconds. There is a maximum quota limit of 5,000,000 USDC or its equivalent. If you would like to trade more than the maximum quote limit, please contact our Sales Team. Product: OTC Trading Service is applicable to the virtual assets specified here. For other assets, please contact our Sales Team.
How do I get quotes, place orders, and execute trades?
 Accessing OTC Trading Service: Click “Trade” >> “OTC” on the top navigation bar  2. Login or Sign Up: You will be taken to the “OTC Portal”. Click the “Login or Sign Up” button.  3. Get a quote: If you are eligible for accessing OTC Trading Service, you will be prompted to accept the Terms and Conditions applicable to OTC Trading Service for the first time usage. Upon acceptance, you will be able to get a quote by: Clicking the “Buy”, “Sell”, or “Two-Way” tab.  “Two-Way” tab means obtaining both Buy and Sell quotes at the same time (only one direction can be selected for each trade execution); and selecting your trading pairs.  4. Provide a quote: After clicking the “Get Quote” button in step 3, you will receive a quote instantly, indicating: the trading pair and the trading quantity of the virtual asset; the total amount payable or receivable by you with respect to the quote offered; a 10-second timer showing when the quote will expire and be deemed to have been rejected. The quote will be valid for 10 seconds.  If you would like to proceed to trade execution, you must click the “Confirm Quote” button before it expires.  Once expired, you may click the “Refresh” button to receive a new quote.   ⬇️  5. Confirm a quote: After clicking the “Confirm Quote” button, if the order is placed successfully, you will receive a trade confirmation through the Portal and email confirmation setting out all trade details. Payments are made automatically from your account to settle the executed trade and the amount will also be recorded instantly.  If you do not receive a trade confirmation or identify any error in the trade confirmation, please contact our Sales Team at [email protected] immediately. 
How much is the trading fee?
 There is no additional fee for the quote obtained. 
Where can I view my Quote History and Trade History?
 There are 2 ways you can check your Quotes and Trade History: OTC Portal - Click “Trade” >> “OTC” on the top navigation bar You can view your Quote History (from the last 24 hours) and Trade History (up to 100 days) in the table underneath the Get Quote page.  Trade History - Go to the main Dashboard >> “Orders” >> “OTC” on the left navigation panel You can view your Quote History and Trade History by clicking the “Quote History” and “Trade History” tabs.   The Crypto.com Exchange supports the following pairs for OTC: USDT Pairs USD1 Pairs ADA/USDT ADA/USD APE/USDT APE/USD BTC/USDT BTC/USD DOGE/USDT DOGE/USD DOT/USDT DOT/USD ETH/USDT ETH/USD FLUX/USDT FLUX/USD LINK/USDT LINK/USD MATIC/USDT MATIC/USD SHIB/USDT SHIB/USD SOL/USDT SOL/USD XRP/USDT XRP/USD USD/USDT2  Interested in trading other assets? Contact us for more details. USD includes all USD (fiat), BUSD, GUSD, TUSD, and USDP (PAX) deposits, any of these coins will be counted towards the same USD balance 1:1. Quoting and execution can only be done through our Sales Team at [email protected]. This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific CELOUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  CELOUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the CELOUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol CELOUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com CELOUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 CELO (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 CELO Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Trading Bandwidth Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage 50x Fair Impact Size 700 CELO This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific LUNA2USD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  LUNA2USD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the LUNA2USD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol LUNA2USD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com LUNA2USD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 LUNA2 (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 LUNA2 Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Trading Bandwidth Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage 50x Fair Impact Size 200 LUNA2 This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ANTUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ANTUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ANTUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ANTUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ANTUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ANT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 ANT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Trading Bandwidth Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage 50x Fair Impact Size 100 ANT   This article lists the Perpetual Contracts available on the Crypto.com Exchange.  Details of each contract are specified in the articles below. 
Contract Information
 BTCUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ETHUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ADAUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications DOTUSD Perpetual Contract Specification CROUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications DOGEUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ENJUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications LINKUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications UNIUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications LTCUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications VETUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications MATICUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications XRPUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ALGOUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications SUSHIUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications CRVUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications SOLUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications CHZUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications KSMUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications AAVEUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications COMPUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications AXSUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications MANAUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications THETAUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications FLOWUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ATOMUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications BCHUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications XLMUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications LUNAUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications EGLDUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications 1INCHUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications YFIUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications EFIUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications AUDIOUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications PLAUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications EOSUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications AVAXUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ALICEUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ARUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications HNTUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications XTZUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications FTMUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ICPUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications DYDXUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications CELRUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications PAXGUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ANCUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications REEFUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications RVNUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications QNTUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications NEARUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ONEUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications GALAUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications SANDUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications HBARUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications GRTUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications RUNEUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications LRCUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications BATUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications FILUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications SHIBUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ENSUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications CHRUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ZILUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ICXUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications MKRUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications KLAYUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ANKRUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications SNXUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications KAVAUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications IOTXUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications WAVESUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications LPTUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications GTCUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications STORJUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications SKLUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications NUUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications SRMUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications BANDUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications RAYUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications QTUMUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications STORJUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications GTCUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications BALUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications NKNUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications KNCUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ZRXUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ARPAUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications FXSUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications DGBUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications COTIUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications MASKUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications GMTUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications ETHWUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications SWEATUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications APTUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications GALUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications LDOUSD Perpetual Contract Specifications We suggest you follow our official channels to stay up to date with the latest news. Perpetual Contract activities are offered as part of the Exchange. Perpetual Contract trading allows eligible users to use leverage to open a position larger than the balance of the Account. The Perpetual Contract Trading FAQs (“FAQS”) provide additional details on how users can conduct trading activity for Perpetual Contract products.  Perpetual Contract activities are subject to the Addendum – Derivatives Terms and Conditions (“Addendum”) and form part of our Agreement with you. Please refer to clause 5 “Risk Disclosure Statement” of the Addendum for a summary of the key risks. Defined terms have the meaning in the Addendum and Exchange Terms and Conditions unless stated otherwise. You should read these FAQs with the Addendum before undertaking any derivative trading activities: About Perpetual Contracts Getting Started With Derivatives Trading Supported Perpetual Contracts Key Applicable Terms - Perpetuals Crypto.com Index Price Funding and Session Settlement Margin Balance Details and Smart Cross Margin Policy Applicable Fees Initial Margin Notifications and Forced Liquidation Insurance Fund and Socialised Loss Mechanism Derivatives Contract Trading Geo-Restrictions
Derivatives Trading Fees
 Trading fees for the Perpetual, Futures, and Warrant Contracts are subject to the derivatives maker/taker fee rates (%).  Please refer to the Fees & Limits page for the latest derivatives fee structure and rates.  The derivative trading tiers and fee rates may be subject to change from time to time. Additionally, users can get free benefits in the form of discounted fees, 0% maker fees, and maker fee rebates depending on the amount of CRO staked on the Exchange.  Perpetual Trading Fee = Quantity x Entry Price x Derivatives Trading Fee Rate (%)  Futures Trading Fee = Quantity x Entry Price x Derivatives Trading Fee Rate (%)  Warrant Trading Fee* = (Quantity/Conversion Ratio) x Underlying Index Price at the time of Entry x Derivatives Trading Fee Rate (%)  * capped at 20% of the Warrant purchase cost (premium) 
Liquidation Fees
 If a Forced Liquidation occurs, you are charged an additional fee of 0.50%, and these fees are automatically added to the Insurance Fund.  See these articles for further details: Initial Margin notifications and Forced Liquidation Insurance Fund and Socialised Loss Mechanism
Session Settlement
 The settlement will occur every 1 hour (24 sessions per day at 00:00, 01:00, 02:00 … 23:00 UTC) daily, generally at the same time as the Funding Payment. This is known as the Session End Time. Realized and unrealized session profits gained at any point during the 1 hour prior to the Session End Time can only be withdrawn at or after settlement. At the end of each session, all positions’ Average Price will be reset to the Mark Price. The socialized Loss Mechanism may be applied if the Insurance Fund is depleted. 
Mark Price
 Mark Price is used for calculating the margin requirement, and therefore also used to determine when margin-related notices are triggered and whether Forced Liquidation occurs. It is a means used to help prevent market manipulation and unnecessary liquidation. Mark Price = Index Price + 30 seconds an exponential moving average of (Fair Price - Index Price) * Mark Price Bandwidth: Index +/- bandwidth. The bandwidth is set at a minimum of 0.5% and can be wider for instruments with lower liquidity or higher volatility. The bandwidth is reviewed periodically based on market conditions. If market circumstances require so, this bandwidth will be adjusted at Crypto.com’s discretion. Fair Price = (Fair Impact Bid + Fair Impact Ask) / 2 * Fair Impact Bid is the average price of the fair impact size* market sales order or the best bid price - 0.1% whichever has a greater value. * Fair Impact Ask is the average price of the fair impact size* market purchase order or the best offer price + 0.1% whichever has a lower value. 
Session End Time
 Every 1 hour (24 sessions per day at 00:00, 01:00, 02:00 … 23:00 UTC) daily is when settlement occurs, this is known as the Session End Time. 
Funding Payments
 Funding Payments are calculated at the Session End Time to encourage the alignment of prices traded on the Exchange to the underlying index price. See the Funding and session settlement article for further details. 
The notice period for Crypto.com to terminate open positions
 In certain circumstances, Crypto.com may close out any and all positions if it considers such measures are required. The applicable notice period is at least 48 hours.  There will be 48 hours notice period where applicable. Please be aware that in extreme circumstances, the Exchange may undertake protective measures with shorter notice.  * For reference asset fair impact size, please refer to the specific perpetual contract specifications
What is a Perpetual Contract?
 A Perpetual Contract is a derivative product, without an expiry or maturity date and with a regular funding payment mechanism between the counterparties to the Perpetual Contract. Payments occur every 1 hour to keep the perpetual contract price as close as possible to the underlying price.  If the Perpetual Contract trades higher than the underlying index price, then the long position holder makes a Funding Payment to the short position holder (that is, the Funding Rate is positive).  In contrast, if the Perpetual Contract trades lower than the underlying index price, then the short position holder pays the Funding Payment to the long position holder (that is, the Funding Rate is negative).  From time to time, Crypto.com may offer Perpetual Contracts of specific Virtual Asset trading pairs, details of which are set out in specific Perpetual Contract Product Specifications. The Insurance Fund represents the total amount of Liquidation Fees maintained by Crypto.com. It is designed to cover losses from traders where the Wallet Balance is less than 0 USD after all liquidations have occurred under Forced Liquidation. In these cases, the Insurance Fund will be used to cover these losses.  As long as the Insurance Fund is positive, winning trades can withdraw realized profits after the next session settlement.  The Socialized Loss Mechanism will be triggered when excessive amount of losses incurred from liquidation cannot be covered by the Insurance Fund. When the Insurance Fund is depleted, any uncovered loss will be socialized among the winning traders at the end of the trading session (that is, the Session End Time).  Under the Socialised Loss Mechanism, all winners will share the loss on a pro-rata basis to the size of their profit during the trading session.  Let’s assume the insurance fund is down 10,000 USD Traders with positive profits will share the loss on a pro-rata basis (numbers below are rounded to 2 decimal places for illustration purposes). The shared loss percentage is the percentage of a trader’s profit against the total profits of all traders. Trader Trader’s Profit (USD) Shared Loss Percentage Shared Loss (USD) Trader’s Net Profit (USD) Trader A 50,000 29.24% 2,923.98 47,076.02 Trader B 45,000 26.32% 2,631.58 42,368.42 Trader C 30,000 17.54% 1,754.39 28,245.61 Trader F 30,000 17.54% 1,754.39 28,245.61 Trader G 15,000 8.77% 877.19 14,122.81 Trader E 1,000 0.58% 58.48 941.52 Total 171,000 100% 10.000 161,000 The Exchange uses Mark Price as a means to help avoid unnecessary liquidations and to manage user position risk. Forced Liquidation happens when Margin Balance falls below the Maintenance Margin, it is executed progressively to minimize the market impact of the execution. However, traders who hold relatively small positions may experience full position liquidation.  More information about Margin Balance, Initial Margin, and Maintenance Margin can be found here. 
What happens if the Margin Balance falls below the Initial Margin?
 If the Margin Balance falls below the Initial Margin, then: All open orders that would increase the position will be automatically canceled, and new orders that would increase the position will be rejected Only orders that would decrease the position will be allowed (e.g. you can only place sell orders if you hold a long position) A warning email will be sent as a reminder to monitor your position closely, to add more collateral, or reduce the position.
What happens if the Margin Balance falls below the Maintenance Margin?
 If the Margin Balance falls below the Maintenance Margin, then: All open orders will be automatically canceled, and all new orders will be rejected Withdrawals will be suspended during this time The position(s) will be progressively liquidated until the Margin Balance is greater than the Initial Margin and the Maintenance Margin An email will be sent as a confirmation that the position(s) have been progressively liquidated All Liquidation Orders will be subject to a liquidation fee, which will be added to the Insurance Fund. Liquidation fees can be found here. Session End Time Every 1 hour (24 sessions per day at 00:00, 01:00, 02:00 … 23:00 UTC) daily is when settlement occurs, this is known as the Session End Time.  Funding Payments Funding Payments are calculated at the Session End Time to encourage the alignment of prices traded on the Exchange to the underlying index price.  Funding Calculations Funding Payment (USD) = Funding Rate * Position Size (USD) Funding Rate = 1-hour TWAP of 1 minute Premium Rate (from the previous funding interval) / 24 Premium Rate = ((Mark Price - Index) / Index) * 100% The settlement involves the following 3 steps: Funding settlement: When the Funding Rate is positive, long position holders pay funding to the short position holders; when the Funding Rate is negative, short position holders pay funding to the long position holders. The Funding Rate displayed on the Trading Page screen is the TWAP of 1-minute Premium Rate from the start of the current session.  Rollover open positions: All open positions at the end of the trading session will be rolled over to the new session. The Average Price will be reset to the Mark Price as of the end of that session, and the Unrealized PnL will be realised. The Realised PnL, together with any Unrealised PnL occurred during the trading session, will be withdrawable after settlement.  Uncovered loss settlement: If there is uncovered loss recorded during the trading session or after position roll over, the mechanisms in relation to the Insurance Fund and Socialised Loss Mechanism will be triggered. Under the Socialised Loss Mechanism, loss shared among the winners will be deducted from the Realized PnL immediately. Using the formula to calculate the Funding Payment, an example is shown below:  Funding Payment (USD) = Funding Rate x Position Size (USD)  Let’s assume at the time of settlement: Initial Wallet Balance is 10,000 USD Funding Rate is 0.0340% No open order  Before Settlement After Settlement Trader A Before settlement time, the trader has already closed all positions and has realised a profit of 1,000 USD.  Wallet Balance: 11,000 USD Withdrawable Balance: 10,000 USD Trader’s withdrawable balance now includes the profits of 1,000 USD. No funding PnL as there is no open position.   Wallet Balance: 11,000 USD Withdrawable Balance: 11,000 USD Trader B The trader has an open short position of 10,000 USD  In the 8 hour session, the trader has not yet closed the position, and has Unrealized PnL of -250 USD  Wallet Balance: 10,000 USD Withdrawable Balance: 10,000 + -250 USD - Initial Margin required for the open position Funding Payment = 0.0340% * 10,000 = 3.4  Wallet Balance is now at 9,753.4 USD = Wallet Balance + UPNL + Funding Payment = 10,000 + -250 + 3.4  Trader’s Average Price of the position is reset to the Mark Price.  Wallet Balance: 9,753.4 USD Withdrawable Balance: 9,753.4 USD - Initial Margin required for the open position Trader C The trader has an open long position of 15,000 USD  In the 8 hour session before settlement time, the trader has not yet closed the position, and has Unrealized PnL of 250 USD  Wallet Balance: 10,000 USD Withdrawable Balance: 10,000 USD - Initial Margin required for the open position Funding Payment = 0.0340% * -15,000 = -5.1  Wallet Balance is now at 10,244.9 USD = Wallet Balance + UPNL + Funding Payment = 10,000 + 250 - 5.1  Trader’s Average Price of the position is reset to the Mark Price  Wallet Balance: 10244.9 USD Withdrawable Balance: 10244.9 USD - Initial Margin required for the open position If market circumstances require so, funding and settlement may be delayed at Crypto.com’s discretion. Derivatives trading is available to users outside of these locations. Eligible users are required to accept the Addendum – Derivatives Trading Terms and Conditions when navigating to a derivative instrument on the Trading page for the first time.  To start trading derivatives, users need to first deposit eligible collateral assets in their wallet to have a Margin Balance. You can make your deposit via the Balances panel at the bottom of the Trading page, or from Wallet in the Dashboard.  In the Wallet Details box, you can review the Available Margin you have to open new positions and how much Initial Margin is needed to support existing open positions. When you create a Derivatives order, the Available Margin and Initial Margin will be updated accordingly. Refer to Margin Balance Details and Smart Cross Margin Policyfor more information.  You can create a position by using Market Order, Limit Order, or Advanced Order Types. The minimum price/tick size and minimum order quantity can be found in the Contract Details box (further contract specifications are published in the respective instrument FAQ).  Please note that price and quantity tick increments need to be entered accurately for each instrument. Otherwise, your order cannot be placed. For example, CRO perpetual contracts have a quantity tick of 10, letting you go long/short only in multiples of 10 (i.e. 10, 20, 30, 40, etc.).  Alternatively, you can use the -/+ buttons at the side of the input fields instead of manually entering the position’s price and quantity.  Click Buy if you want to create a Long position, or if you want to reduce your Short position.  Click Sell if you want to create a Short position, or if you want to reduce your Long position.  After the order is filled, a position is created. You can monitor open Derivatives positions in the Positions tab.  Instrument Instrument ID of the open Derivatives Contract Quantity Position Quantity Value Position Value in USD Avg. Entry Price Average entry price of the entire position Mark Price The Mark Price is used to calculate Position Value, Margin Details, and Profit & Loss (PnL). In order to prevent unfair and unnecessary liquidations, this price may differ from the Last Traded Price and the Index Price.  Perpetuals Mark Price here  Futures Mark Price here Est. Liq. Price The estimated underlying price for when your position will undergo liquidation. This value is only an approximate indication. It may change over time (particularly with other open positions that have an offsetting delta) and may not be displayed in all scenarios.  We strongly recommend that you refer to your Wallet’s Margin Balance, Initial Margin, and Maintenance Margin for robust risk management. PnL (ROI%) Profit and loss since the position was first opened. Return on investment is expressed in percentage terms and is generally applicable for Perpetuals and Futures positions. Session UPL Profit and loss from open positions for the current trading session. At the end of every trading session, profit and loss is realised using the prevailing Mark Price and added to the Wallet Balance. Session RPL Profit and loss that has been realised by closing a position during the current trading session. It is immediately added to the Wallet Balance. You can also view a summary of your positions by navigating from Dashboard/Wallet > Positions.  It is important to monitor your balances and open positions closely because all balances will be updated as the Mark Price changes. This may mean that your Margin Balance could drop below the Initial Margin and/or Maintenance Margin. See Initial Margin notifications and Forced Liquidation for more details.  You can close your position in two ways:  A. From the Order Box - You can close or reduce your open position by creating a Limit Order or Market Order that is opposite from your open position. For example, if you want to close or reduce an open long position, you can create a Sell Limit Order or Market Order. You should always check your existing positions before doing this to ensure that you make the correct inputs.  B. From the Positions tab - You can close your entire open position by clicking Limit or Market. The Limit button will create a counter Limit Order to the fully open position at the limit price entered. The Market button will create a counter Market Order to the fully open position. Use Option A if you prefer to partially reduce your position instead of closing it entirely.   The following locations are restricted from trading derivatives: Country Country Code Afghanistan AF / AFG American Samoa AS / ASM Australia AU / AUS Austria AT / AUT Bangladesh BD / BGD Belgium BE / BEL Bolivia BO / BOL Brazil BR / BRA Bulgaria BG / BGR Burundi BI / BDI Canada CA / CAN Carribean Netherlands BQ / BES Central Africa Republic CF / CAF Congo, Dem. Rep. CD / COD Croatia HR / HRV Cuba CU / CUB Cyprus CY / CYP Czech Republic CZ / CZE Denmark DK / DNK Ecuador EC / ECU Eritrea ER / ERI Estonia EE / EST Finland FI / FIN France FR / FRA French Guiana GF / GUF French Polynesia PF / PYF Germany DE / DEU Greece GR / GRC Guam GU /GUM Guinea GN / GIN Guinea-Bissau GW / GNB Hong Kong HK / HKG Hungary HU / HUN Iceland IS / ISL Iran IR / IRN Iraq IQ / IRQ Ireland IE / IRL Italy IT / ITA Japan JP / JPN Kyrgyzstan KG / KGZ Latvia LV / LVA Lebanon LB / LBN Libya LY / LBY Liechtenstein LI / LIE Lithuania LT / LTU Luxembourg LU / LUX Mali ML / MLI Malta MT / MLT Martinique MQ / MTQ Minor Outlying Islands UMI Myanmar MM / MMR Namibia NA / NAM Nepal NP / NPL Netherlands NL / NLD New Caledonia NC / NCL North Korea KP / PRK Northern Mariana Islands MP / MNP Norway NO / NOR People’s Republic of China CN / CHN Poland PL / POL Portugal PT / PRT Puerto Rico PR / PRI Reunion RE / REU Romania RO / ROU Saint Martin MF / MAF Singapore SG / SGP Slovakia SK / SVK Slovenia SI / SVN Somalia SO / SOM South Africa ZA / ZAF South Sudan SS/SSD Spain ES / ESP St Pierre & Miquelon PM / SPM St. Lucia LC / LCA Sudan SD / SDN Sweden SE / SWE Switzerland CH / CHE Syria SY / SYR Taiwan TW / TWN Ukraine - Crimea Region  Ukraine - Donetsk Region  Ukraine - Luhansk/Lugansk Region  United Kingdom GB / GBR United States US / USA US Virgin Islands VI / VIR Vatican City VA/VAT Venezuela VE / VEN Yemen YE / YEM Zimbabwe ZW / ZWE This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific OPUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  OPUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the OPUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol OPUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com OPUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 OP (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 OP Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin  Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 30 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 300 OP This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific APTUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  APTUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the APTUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol APTUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com APTUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 APT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 APT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 30 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 70 APT This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific LUNCUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  LUNCUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the LUNCUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol LUNCUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com LUNCUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 LUNC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10000 LUNC Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin  Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 4000000 LUNC This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific OGNUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  OGNUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the OGNUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol OGNUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com OGNUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 OGN (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 OGN Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1180 OGN This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific GALUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  GALUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the GALUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol GALUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com GALUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 GAL (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 GAL Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 GAL This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific RVNUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  RVNUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the RVNUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol RVNUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com RVNUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 RVN (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 RVN Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 10000 RVN This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ETCUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ETCUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ETCUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ETCUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ETCUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ETC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 ETC Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin  Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 10 ETC This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific LDOUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  LDOUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the LDOUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol LDOUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com LDOUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 LDO (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 LDO Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage 50x Fair Impact Size 300 LDO This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific SWEATUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  SWEATUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the SWEATUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol SWEATUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com SWEATUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 SWEAT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 SWEAT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 5000 SWEAT This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ALPHAUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ALPHAUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ALPHAUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ALPHAUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ALPHAUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ALPHA (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 ALPHA Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin  Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 2000 ALPHA This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific APEUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  APEUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the APEUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol APEUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com APEUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 APE (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 APE Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 33 APE This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific API3USD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  API3USD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the API3USD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol API3USD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com API3USD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 API3 (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 API3 Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin  Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 API3 This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific REEFUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  REEFUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. In addition, USD can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the REEFUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol REEFUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com REEFUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 REEF (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 REEF Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 30000 REEF This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific GMTUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  GMTUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the GMTUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol GMTUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com GMTUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 GMT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 GMT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 30 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 GMT This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ANCUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ANCUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ANCUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ANCUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ANCUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ANC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 ANC Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 30 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 200 ANC This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific PAXGUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  PAXGUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the PAXGUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol PAXGUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com PAXGUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 PAXG (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.01 PAXG Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 0.2 This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ARPAUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ARPAUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ARPAUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ARPAUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ARPAUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ARPA (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 ARPA Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 3000 ARPA This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ETHWUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ETHWUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ETHWUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ETHWUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ETHWUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ETHW (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 ETHW Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 30 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 40 ETHW This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ZRXUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ZRXUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC. In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ZRXUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ZRXUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ZRXUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ZRX (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 ZRX Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 500 ZRX This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific OCEANUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  OCEANUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the OCEANUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol OCEANUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com OCEANUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 OCEAN (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 OCEAN Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 750 OCEAN This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific NUUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  NUUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the NUUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol NUUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com NUUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 NU (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 NU Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 550 NU This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific IMXUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  IMXUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the IMXUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol IMXUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com IMXUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 IMX (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 IMX Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 290 IMX This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific KNCUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  KNCUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the KNCUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol KNCUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com KNCUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 KNC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 KNC Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific CTSIUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  CTSIUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the CTSIUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol CTSIUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com CTSIUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 CTSI (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 CTSI Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Cross margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 920 This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific FXSUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  FXSUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the FXSUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol FXSUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com FXSUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 FXS (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 FXS Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 10 This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific QTUMUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  QTUMUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the QTUMUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol QTUMUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com QTUMUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 QTUM (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 QTUM Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 70 QTUM This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific RAYUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  RAYUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the RAYUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol RAYUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com RAYUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 RAY (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 RAY Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 80 RAY This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific WAVESUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  WAVESUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the WAVESUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol WAVESUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com WAVESUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 WAVES (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 WAVES Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 30 WAVES This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific BANDUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  BANDUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the BANDUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol BANDUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com BANDUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 BAND (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 BAND Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 90 This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific LPTUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  LPTUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the LPTUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol LPTUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com LPTUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 LPT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 LPT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 8 LPT This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific SKLUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  SKLUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the SKLUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol SKLUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com SKLUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 SKL (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 SKL Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 2250 SKL This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific SCUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  SCUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the SCUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol SCUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com SCUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 SC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 SC Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 23500 SC This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific SRMUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  SRMUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the SRMUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol SRMUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com SRMUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 SRM (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 SRM Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 200 This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ANKRUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ANKRUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ANKRUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ANKRUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ANKRUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ANKR (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 ANKR Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 4150 ANKR This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific IOTXUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  IOTXUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the IOTXUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol IOTXUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com IOTXUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 IOTX (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 IOTX Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 3000 IOTX This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific KAVAUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  KAVAUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the KAVAUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol KAVAUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com KAVAUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 KAVA (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 KAVA Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 KAVA This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific SNXUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  SNXUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the SNXUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol SNXUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com SNXUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 SNX (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 SNX Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 92 SNX This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific STORJUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  STORJUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the STORJUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol STORJUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com STORJUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 STORJ (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 STORJ Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 300 STORJ This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific KLAYUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  KLAYUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the KLAYUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol KLAYUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com KLAYUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 KLAY (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 KLAY Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 230 KLAY This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific MKRUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  MKRUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the MKRUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol MKRUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com MKRUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 MKR (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.001 MKR Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 0.2 MKR This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ICXUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ICXUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ICXUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ICXUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ICXUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ICX (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 ICX Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 375 ICX This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific GTCUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  GTCUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the GTCUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol GTCUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com GTCUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 GTC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 GTC Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 50 GTC  This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ZILUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ZILUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ZILUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ZILUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ZILUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ZIL (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 ZIL Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 6330 ZIL This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific AAVEUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  AAVEUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the AAVEUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol AAVEUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com AAVEUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 AAVE (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.01 AAVE Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1 AAVE  This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ENSUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ENSUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ENSUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ENSUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ENSUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ENS (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.01 ENS Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 8 EN This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific AXSUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  AXSUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the AXSUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol AXSUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com AXSUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 AXS (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 AXS Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 20 AXS This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific FILUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  FILUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the FILUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol FILUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com FILUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 FIL (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 FIL Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 9 FIL This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific SHIBUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  SHIBUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the SHIBUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol SHIBUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com SHIBUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 SHIB (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10000 SHIB Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 10000000 SHIB This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific CHRUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  CHRUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the CHRUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol CHRUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com CHRUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 CHR (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 CHR Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1000 CHR This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific CHZUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  CHZUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the CHZUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol CHZUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com CHZUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 CHZ (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 CHZ Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1000 CHZ This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific COMPUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  COMPUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the COMPUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol COMPUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com COMPUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 COMP (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.01 COMP Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1 COMP   This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific LINKUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The LINKUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the LINKUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol LINKUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com LINKUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 LINK (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 LINK Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 10 LINK This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific BATUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The BATUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the BATUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol BATUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com BATUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 BAT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 BAT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 500 BAT  This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific LRCUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The LRCUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the LRCUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol LRCUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com LRCUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 LRC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 LRC Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1000 LRC This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific SOLUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The SOLUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the SOLUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol SOLUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com SOLUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 SOL (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 SOL Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 10 SOL This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific MANAUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The MANAUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the MANAUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol MANAUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com MANAUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 MANA (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 MANA Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 500 MANA This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific KSMUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  KSMUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC.  In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals.  Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the KSMUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol KSMUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com KSMUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 KSM (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.01 KSM Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1 KSM This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific THETAUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The THETAUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the THETAUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol THETAUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com THETAUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 THETA (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 THETA Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 THETA This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific XRPUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The XRPUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the XRPUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol XRPUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com XRPUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 XRP (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 XRP Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 XRP This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific UNIUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The UNIUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the UNIUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol UNIUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com UNIUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 UNI (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 UNI Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 10 UNI This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific DOTUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The DOTUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the DOTUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol DOTUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com DOTUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 DOT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 DOT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 10 DOT This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific BTCUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The BTCUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the BTCUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol BTCUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com BTCUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 BTC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.0001 BTC Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.1 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 1 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 0.1 BTC This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ETHUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The ETHUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ETHUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ETHUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ETHUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 ETH (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.0001 ETH Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 1.2 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1 ETH This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ADAUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The ADAUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ADAUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ADAUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ADAUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 ADA (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 ADA Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 ADA This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific CROUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The CROUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the CROUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol CROUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com CROUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 CRO (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 CRO Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 CRO This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific DOGEUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The DOGEUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the DOGEUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol DOGEUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com DOGEUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 DOGE (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 DOGE Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.000001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 DOGE This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ENJUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The ENJUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ENJUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ENJUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ENJUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 ENJ (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 ENJ Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 ENJ This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific LTCUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The LTCUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the LTCUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol LTCUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com LTCUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 LTC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 LTC Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 5 LTC This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific VETUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The VETUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the VETUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol VETUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com VETUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 VET (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 VET Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.000001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth :  +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth :  +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 VET  This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific MATICUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The MATICUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the MATICUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol MATICUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com MATICUSD Index Product Type Perpetual Contract Size 1 MATIC (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 MATIC Max Order Qty Subject to exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 MATIC This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ALGOUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with the FAQs and the Addendum.  The ALGOUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ALGOUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ALGOUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ALGOUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ALGO (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 ALGO Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPricePassive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1000 ALGO  This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific SUSHIUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with the FAQs and the Addendum.  The SUSHIUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the SUSHIUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol SUSHIUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com SUSHIUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 SUSHI (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 SUSHI Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 10 SUSHI This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific CRVUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with the FAQs and the Addendum.  The CRVUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the CRVUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol CRVUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com CRVUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 CRV (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 CRV Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 100 CRV This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific FLOWUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The FLOWUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the FLOWUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol FLOWUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com FLOWUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 FLOW (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 FLOW Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 20 FLOW This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ATOMUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The ATOMUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ATOMUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ATOMUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ATOMUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ATOM (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 ATOM Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 20 ATOM This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific BCHUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The BCHUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the BCHUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol BCHUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com BCHUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 BCH (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.01 BCH Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 1 BCH This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific LUNAUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  LUNAUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USDC.  In addition, USDC can be used for deposits and withdrawals.  Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the LUNAUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol LUNAUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com LUNAUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 LUNA (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 LUNA Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage. Fair Impact Size 30 LUNA This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific EGLDUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The EGLDUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the EGLDUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol EGLDUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com EGLDUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 EGLD (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.01 EGLD Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 3 EGLD This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific XLMUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  The XLMUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the XLMUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol XLMUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com XLMUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 XLM (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 XLM Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 1000 XLM This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific EFIUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  EFIUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the EFIUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol EFIUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com EFIUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 EFI (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 EFI Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 250 EFI This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific YFIUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  YFIUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the YFIUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol YFIUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com YFIUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 YFI (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.0001 YFI Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 0.1 YFI This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific 1INCHUSD Perpetual Contract.  You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  1INCHUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the 1INCHUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol 1INCHUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com 1INCHUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 1INCH (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 1INCH Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 100 1INCH This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific AUDIOUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  AUDIOUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the AUDIOUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol AUDIOUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com AUDIOUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 AUDIO (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 AUDIO Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 300 AUDIO This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific PLAUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  PLAUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the PLAUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol PLAUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com PLAUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 PLA (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 PLA Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 500 PLA This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific EOSUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  EOSUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the EOSUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol EOSUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com EOSUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 EOS (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 EOS Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 100 EOS This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ALICEUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ALICEUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ALICEUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ALICEUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ALICEUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ALICE (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 ALICE Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 25 ALICE This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific AVAXUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  AVAXUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the AVAXUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol AVAXUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com AVAXUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 AVAX (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 AVAX Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 20 AVAX This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ARUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ARUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ARUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ARUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ARUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 AR (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 AR Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice / Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 8 AR This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific FTMUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  FTMUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the FTMUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol FTMUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com FTMUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 FTM (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 FTM Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 400 FTM This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific HNTUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  HNTUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the HNTUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol HNTUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com HNTUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 HNT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 HNT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice / Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 10 HNT  This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific XTZUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  XTZUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the XTZUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol XTZUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com XTZUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 XTZ (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 XTZ Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice / Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 100 XTZ This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific CELRUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  CELRUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the CELRUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol CELRUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com CELRUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 CELR (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 CELR Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 5650 CELR This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific QNTUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  QNTUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the QNTUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol QNTUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com QNTUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 QNT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.01 QNT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.01 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 2 QNT This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific DYDXUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  DYDXUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the DYDXUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol DYDXUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com DYDXUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 DYDX (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 DYDX Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 50 DYDX This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific NEARUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  NEARUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the NEARUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol NEARUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com NEARUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 NEAR (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 NEAR Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 60 NEAR This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ICPUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ICPUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ICPUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ICPUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ICPUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ICP (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 ICP Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 9 ICP This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific SANDUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  SANDUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the SANDUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol SANDUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com SANDUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 SAND (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 SAND Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 500 SAND This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific ONEUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  ONEUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the ONEUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol ONEUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com ONEUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 ONE (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 ONE Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 2880 ONE This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific RUNEUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  RUNEUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the RUNEUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol RUNEUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com RUNEUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 RUNE (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 RUNE Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 39 RUNE This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific HBARUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  HBARUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the HBARUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol HBARUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com HBARUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 HBAR (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 HBAR Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 1145 HBAR This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific GRTUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  GRTUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the GRTUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol GRTUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com GRTUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 GRT (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 GRT Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 500 GRT This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific GALAUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  GALAUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the GALAUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol GALAUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com GALAUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 GALA (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 GALA Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 5380 GALA This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific BALUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  BALUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the BALUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol BALUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com BALUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 BAL (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 0.1 BAL Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 20 BAL This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific NKNUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  NKNUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the NKNUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol NKNUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com NKNUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 NKN (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 NKN Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice  Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 500 NKN This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific DGBUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  DGBUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the DGBUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol DGBUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com DGBUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 DGB (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 DGB Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.000001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 10000      This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific COTIUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  COTIUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the COTIUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol COTIUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com COTIUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 COTI (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 10 COTI Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.00001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 1000 COTI     This article sets out the Perpetual Contract Product Specifications that apply to the specific MASKUSD Perpetual Contract. You should read this in conjunction with these FAQs and the Addendum.  MASKUSD Perpetual Contract is settled in USD. Crypto.com may permit other stablecoin Virtual Assets to settle the MASKUSD Perpetual Contract in the future. Symbol MASKUSD-PERP Contract Maturity Not Applicable Underlying Crypto.com MASKUSD Index Product Type Futures Contract Size 1 MASK (1 USD per index point) Min Order Qty 1 MASK Max Order Qty Subject to the exposure limit Min Tick Size 0.0001 USD Margin Policy Smart Cross Margin Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth : +/-5% of MarkPrice Passive bandwidth : +/-50% of MarkPrice Exposure Limit Weight 5 Maximum Leverage Refer to the Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Fair Impact Size 90 MASK  
What is a Future Contract?
 A Futures Contract is a derivatives product that tracks the performance of an underlying virtual asset, such as BTC or ETH. It has a fixed expiry date and uses a regular payment mechanism between the counterparties. Payments occur every 1 hour, where the average price of the Futures Contract will be reset to the session Mark Price at the start of each 1-hour period. On the expiry date, the final settlement price will be calculated as the TWAP of the last 60 minutes of trading before maturity.  The Futures Contract Trading FAQs (“FAQs”) provide details on how users can conduct margin trading activities with Futures Contracts. Futures Contract trading is subject to the Derivatives Trading Terms and Conditions (“Addendum”) and the Crypto.com Exchange Terms and Conditions (Exchange T&Cs).  Please refer to the “Risk Disclosure Statement” (clause 5) of the Addendum for a summary of the key risks associated with Futures Contract trading. The terms used in the FAQs are consistent with those found in the Addendum and the Exchange T&Cs. Please read these FAQs and the Addendum before carrying out derivative trading activities.  If you are in any doubt about trading Futures Contracts, please seek professional advice and ensure that the product is suitable for your financial situation, investment experience, and investment objectives. Getting Started With Derivatives Trading Supported Futures Contracts Key Applicable Terms - Futures Futures Listing Policy Crypto.com Index Price Margin Balance Details and Smart Cross Margin Policy Applicable Fees Initial Margin Notifications and Forced Liquidation Insurance Fund and Socialised Loss Mechanism Derivatives Trading Geo-restrictions This section lists the Futures Contracts that are currently available in the Crypto.com Exchange. Please click on each contract for more details about its specifications.  BTCUSD Futures Contracts ETHUSD Futures Contracts The Crypto.com index price is used as the main underlying virtual asset reference price for various derivatives contracts. 
Indexes
 The index price is then calculated as the average (i.e. equally weighted) of the Market Price of its constituents. Market Price = median of last traded price, best bid, best offer. If any of these price data (i.e. last traded price, best bid, best offer) is not updated for 1 minute, the data will be excluded from the calculation. If all of the 3 price data points are excluded, then the Market Price will be invalid. If all the index constituents are invalid, the last calculated index price will be used. If an index constituent’s Market Price differs from the median of all constituents' by 0.5% or more, it will be limited to 0.5% divergence from median when it is used in the index calculation.
Index Compositions*
 If the constituent does not trade against USD directly, it is converted to USD using Crypto.com USDTUSD index. *The index constituent exchange composition, the corresponding weights, as well as the calculation methodologies, are subject to change at crypto.com’s discretion.  Index Constituents BTCUSD-INDEX Binance (BTC/USDT) Huobi Global (BTC/USDT) Coinbase (BTC/USD) OKEx (BTC/USDT) FTX (BTC/USD) Bitfinex (BTC/USD) Kraken (BTC/USD) Bitstamp (BTC/USD) Crypto.com (BTC/USDT) ETHUSD-INDEX Binance (ETH/USDT) Huobi Global (ETH/USDT) Coinbase (ETH/USD) FTX (ETH/USD) OKEx (ETH/USDT) Bitfinex (ETH/USD) Kraken (ETH/USD) Bitstamp (ETH/USD) Crypto.com (ETH/USDT) USDTUSD-INDEX Kraken (USDT/USD) Coinbase (USDT/USD) Binance US (USDT/USD) FTX (USDT/USD) Bittrex (USDT/USD) DOTUSD-INDEX Binance (DOT/USDT) Huobi Global (DOT/USDT) OKEx (DOT/USDT) Crypto.com (DOT/USDT) Kraken (DOT/USD) ADAUSD-INDEX Binance (ADA/USDT) Huobi Global (ADA/USDT) Binance US (ADA/USD) Coinbase (ADA/USD) Crypto.com (ADA/USDT) UNIUSD-INDEX Binance (UNI/USDT) Coinbase (UNI/USD) Huobi Global (UNI/USDT) OKEx (UNI/USDT) Crypto.com (UNI/USDT) LINKUSD-INDEX Binance (LINK/USDT) Coinbase (LINK/USD) Huobi Global (LINK/USDT) OKEx (LINK/USDT) Crypto.com (LINK/USDT) ENJUSD-INDEX Binance (ENJ/USDT) Huobi Global (ENJ/USDT) OKEx (ENJ/USDT) BinanceUS (ENJ/USD) Crypto.com (ENJ/USDT) CROUSD-INDEX Huobi Global (CRO/USDT) OKEx (CRO/USDT) Crypto.com (CRO/USDT) Bittrex (CRO/USDT) FTX (CRO/USD) DOGEUSD-INDEX Binance (DOGE/USDT) Huobi Global (DOGE/USDT) OKEx (DOGE/USDT) Binance US (DOGE/USD) Crypto.com (DOGE/USDT) VETUSD-INDEX Binance (VET/USDT) BinanceUS (VET/USD) Huobi Global (VET/USDT) Crypto.com (VET/USDT) Bitfinex (VET/USD) LTCUSD-INDEX Binance (LTC/USDT) Huobi Global (LTC/USDT) OKEx (LTC/USDT) Crypto.com (LTC/USDT) Coinbase (LTC/USD) XRPUSD-INDEX Binance (XRP/USDT) Huobi Global (XRP/USDT) OKEx (XRP/USDT) Bitstamp (XRP/USD) Crypto.com (XRP/USDT) MATICUSD-INDEX Binance (MATIC/USDT) Coinbase (MATIC/USD) OKEx (MATIC/USDT) Huobi Global (MATIC/USDT) Crypto.com (MATIC/USDT) ALGOUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (ALGO/USDT) Coinbase (ALGO/USD) Binance (ALGO/USDT) OKEx (ALGO/USDT) Huobi (ALGO/USDT) SUSHIUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (SUSHI/USDT) Binance (SUSHI/USDT) OKEx (SUSHI/USDT) Huobi (SUSHI/USDT) Coinbase (SUSHI/USD) CRVUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (CRV/USDT) Binance (CRV/USDT) OKEx (CRV/USDT) Huobi (CRV/USDT) Coinbase (CRV/USD) CHZUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (CHZ/USDT) Binance (CHZ/USDT) OKEx (CHZ/USDT) Huobi (CHZ/USDT) FTX (CHZ/USD) KSMUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (KSM/USDT) Binance (KSM/USDT) OKEx (KSM/USDT) Huobi (KSM/USDT) Kraken (KSM/USD) SOLUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (SOL/USDT) Binance (SOL/USDT) OKEx (SOL/USDT) Huobi (SOL/USDT) FTX (SOL/USD) DAIUSD-INDEX Coinbase (DAI/USD) Gemini (DAI/USD) Kraken (DAI/USD) OKEx (DAI/USDT) Crypto.com (DAI/USDT) AAVEUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (AAVE/USDT) Binance (AAVE/USDT) OKEx (AAVE/USDT) Huobi (AAVE/USDT) Coinbase (AAVE/USD) BOSONUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (BOSON/USDT) Bitfinex (BOSON/USD) Gateio (BOSON/USDT) COMPUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (COMP/USDT) Binance (COMP/USDT) OKEx (COMP/USDT) Huobi (COMP/USDT) Coinbase (COMP/USD) AXSUSD-INDEX Binance (AXS/USDT) Crypto (AXS/USDT) FTX (AXS/USD) Huobi (AXS/USDT) Gateio (AXS/USDT) MANAUSD-INDEX Binance (MANA/USDT) BinanceUS (MANA/USD) CoinbasePro (MANA/USD) Crypto (MANA/USDT) Huobi (MANA/USDT) THETAUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (THETA/USDT) Binance (THETA/USDT) Huobi (THETA/USDT) OKEx (THETA/USDT) Gateio (THETA/USDT)    FLOWUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (FLOW/USDT) Huobi (FLOW/USDT) Kraken (FLOW/USDT) OKEx (FLOW/USDT) ATOMUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (ATOM/USDT) Binance (ATOM/USDT) OKEx (ATOM/USDT) Huobi (ATOM/USDT) Coinbase (ATOM/USD) BCHUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (BCH/USDT) Binance (BCH/USDT) OKEx (BCH/USDT) Huobi (BCH/USDT) Coinbase (BCH/USD) XLMUSD-INDEX Binance (XLM/USDT) CoinbasePro (XLM/USD) Crypto.com (XLM/USDT) Huobi (XLM/USDT) OKEx (XLM/USDT) LUNAUSD-INDEX Binance (LUNA/USDT) Bitfinex(LUNA/USD) Crypto.com (LUNA/USDT) Huobi (LUNA/USDT) OKEx (LUNA/USDT) EGLDUSD-INDEX Binance (EGLD/USDT) BinanceUS (EGLD/USD) BinanceUS (EGLD/USDT) Crypto.com (EGLD/USDT) OKEx (EGLD/USDT) 1INCHUSD Index Binance (1INCH/USDT) CoinbasePro (1INCH/USD) Crypto.com (1INCH/USDT) Huobi (1INCH/USDT) OKEx (1INCH/USDT) YFIUSD Index Binance (YFI/USDT) CoinbasePro (YFI/USD) Crypto.com (YFI/USDT) Huobi (YFI/USDT) OKEx (YFI/USDT) EFIUSD Index Crypto.com (EFI/USDT) OKEx (EFI/USDT) Gateio (EFI/USDT) HOTUSD Index Binance (HOT/USDT) Crypto.com (HOT/USDT) Gateio (HOT/USDT) AUDIOUSD Index Binance (AUDIO/USDT) Crypto.com (AUDIO/USDT) FTX (AUDIO/USD) FTX (AUDIO/USDT) Gateio (AUDIO/USDT) PLAUSD Index CoinbasePro (PLA/USD) Crypto.com (PLA/USDT) Gateio (PLA/USDT) EOSUSD Index Binance (EOS/USDT) CoinbasePro (EOS/USD) Crypto.com (EOS/USDT) Huobi (EOS/USDT) OKEx (EOS/USDT) AVAXUSD Index Binance (AVAX/USDT) Bitfinex (AVAX/USD) Crypto.com (AVAX/USDT) Huobi (AVAX/USDT) OKEx (AVAX/USDT) ALICEUSD Index Binance (ALICE/USDT) Crypto.com (ALICE/USDT) FTX (ALICE/USD) Gateio (ALICE/USDT) YGGUSD Index Crypto.com (YGG/USDT) OKEx (YGG/USDT) Huobi (YGG/USDT) Gateio (YGG/USDT) ​​ARUSD Index Binance (AR/USDT) Gateio (AR/USDT) Huobi (AR/USDT) HNTUSD Index Binance (HNT/USDT) BinanceUS (HNT/USD) FTX (HNT/USD) Crypto.com (HNT/USDT) Gateio (HNT/USDT) XTZUSD Index Binance (XTZ/USDT) CoinbasePro (XTZ/USD) Crypto.com (XTZ/USDT) Huobi (XTZ/USDT) OKEx (XTZ/USDT) FTMUSD Index Binance (FTM/USDT) Crypto.com (FTM/USDT) OKEx (FTM/USDT) FTX (FTM/USD) Gemini (FTM/USD) ICPUSD Index Binance (ICP/USDT) CoinbasePro (ICP/USD) Crypto.com (ICP/USDT) Huobi (ICP/USDT) OKEx (ICP/USDT) DYDXUSD Index Binance (DYDX/USDT) Crypto.com (DYDX/USDT) Huobi (DYDX/USDT) OKEx (DYDX/USDT) Gateio (DYDX/USDT) CELRUSD Index Crypto.com (CELR/USDT) Binance (CELR/USDT) OKEx (CELR/USDT) Gateio (CELR/USDT) QNTUSD Index Crypto.com (QNT/USDT) Coinbase (QNT/USD) Binance (QNT/USDT) Bittrex (QNT/USD) Gateio (QNT/USDT) NEARUSD Index Crypto.com (NEAR/USDT) Binance (NEAR/USDT) OKEx (NEAR/USDT) Huobi (NEAR/USDT) Gateio (NEAR/USDT) AGLDUSD Index Crypto.com (AGLD/USDT) Huobi (AGLD/USDT) OKEx (AGLD/USDT) FTX (AGLD/USD) Coinbase (AGLD/USD) ONEUSD Index Crypto.com (ONE/USDT) Binance (ONE/USDT) Huobi (ONE/USDT) Gateio (ONE/USDT) Binance US (ONE/USD) OMGUSD Index Crypto.com (OMG/USDT) Binance (OMG/USDT) OKEx (OMG/USDT) Coinbase (OMG/USD) Huobi (OMG/USDT) ILVUSD Index Crypto.com (ILV/USDT) Binance (ILV/USDT) OKEx (ILV/USDT) Gateio (ILV/USDT) GALAUSD Index Crypto.com (GALA/USDT) Binance (GALA/USDT) OKEx (GALA/USDT) Gateio (GALA/USDT) SANDUSD Index Crypto.com (SAND/USDT) Binance (SAND/USDT) Huobi (SAND/USDT) OKEx (SAND/USDT) Gateio (SAND/USDT) RUNEUSD Index Crypto (RUNE/USDT) Binance (RUNE/USDT) FTX (RUNE/USD) Gateio(RUNE/USDT) GRTUSD Index Crypto (GRT/USDT) Binance (GRT/USDT) OKEx (GRT/USDT) Coinbase (GRT/USD) Huobi (GRT/USDT) HBARUSD Index Binance (HBAR/USDT) BinanceUS (HBAR/USD) Gateio (HBAR/USDT) Huobi (HBAR/USDT) OKEx (HBAR/USDT) FILUSD Index Crypto (FIL/USDT) Binance (FIL/USDT) Huobi (FIL/USDT) OKEx (FIL/USDT) Gateio (FIL/USDT) WAXPUSD Index Crypto (WAXP/USDT) Binance (WAXP/USDT) Huobi (WAXP/USDT) Gateio (WAXP/USDT) Bittrex (WAXP/USDT) BATUSD Index Crypto (BAT/USDT) Binance (BAT/USDT) OKEx (BAT/USDT) Coinbase (BAT/USD) Huobi (BAT/USDT) LRCUSD Index Crypto (LRC/USDT) Binance (LRC/USDT) Coinbase (LRC/USD) OKEx (LRC/USDT) Huobi (LRC/USDT) SHIBUSD Index Crypto (SHIB/USDT) Binance (SHIB/USDT) Coinbase (SHIB/USD) Huobi (SHIB/USDT) OKEx (SHIB/USDT) ENSUSD Index Crypto (ENS/USDT) Binance (ENS/USDT) Coinbase (ENS/USD) OKEx (ENS/USDT) Gateio (ENS/USDT) CHRUSD Index Crypto (CHR/USDT) Binance (CHR/USDT) Huobi （CHR/USDT) FTX (CHR/USD) Gateio (CHR/USDT) EOSUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (EOS/USDT) Binance (EOS/USDT) OKEx (EOS/USDT) Huobi (EOS/USDT) Coinbase (EOS/USD) YFIUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (YFI/USDT) Binance (YFI/USDT) OKEx (YFI/USDT) Huobi (YFI/USDT) Coinbase (YFI/USD) XLMUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (XLM/USDT) Binance (XLM/USDT) OKEx (XLM/USDT) Huobi (XLM/USDT) Coinbase (XLM/USD) MKRUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (MKR/USDT) Binance (MKR/USDT) OKEx (MKR/USDT) Binance US (MKR/USD) Coinbase (MKR/USD) NEOUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (NEO/USDT) Binance (NEO/USDT) OKEx (NEO/USDT) Huobi (NEO/USDT) Bitfinex (NEO/USD) OMGUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (OMG/USDT) Binance (OMG/USDT) OKEx (OMG/USDT) Huobi (OMG/USDT) Coinbase (OMG/USD) QTUMUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (QTUM/USDT) Binance (QTUM/USDT) OKEx (QTUM/USDT) Huobi (QTUM/USDT) Binance US (QTUM/USD) FILUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (FIL/USDT) Binance (FIL/USDT) OKEx (FIL/USDT) Huobi (FIL/USDT) Coinbase (FIL/USD) 1INCHUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (1INCH/USDT) Binance (1INCH/USDT) OKEx (1INCH/USDT) Huobi (1INCH/USDT) Coinbase (1INCH/USD) ATOMUSD-INDEX Crypto.com (ATOM/USDT) Binance (FLOW/USDT) OKEx (FLOW/USDT) Huobi (FLOW/USDT) Coinbase (FLOW/USD) ZILUSD Index Crypto (ZIL/USDT) Binance (ZIL/USDT) OKEx (ZIL/USDT) Huobi (ZIL/USDT) ​​Gateio (ZIL/USDT) ICXUSD Index Crypto (ICX/USDT) Binance (ICX/USDT) OKEx (ICX/USD) Gateio (ICX/USDT) Kraken (ICX/USD) DERCUSD Index Crypto (DERC/USDT) Gateio (DERC/USDT) KLAYUSD Index Crypto (KLAY/USDT) Binance (KLAY/USDT) OKEx (KLAY/USDT) Gateio (KLAY/USDT) ANKRUSD Index Crypto (ANKR/USDT) Binance (ANKR/USDT) Coinbase (ANKR/USD) Binance US (ANKR/USD) Huobi (ANKR/USDT) SNXUSD Index Crypto (SNX/USDT) Binance (SNX/USDT) OKEx (SNX/USDT) Coinbase (SNX/USD) Huobi (SNX/USDT) KAVAUSD Index Crypto (KAVA/USDT) Binance (KAVA/USDT) Kraken (KAVA/USD) Huobi (KAVA/USDT) Gateio (KAVA/USDT) IOTXUSD Index Crypto (IOTX/USDT) Binance (IOTX/USDT) Gateio (IOTX/USDT) WAVESUSD Index Crypto (WAVES/USDT) Binance (WAVES/USDT) OKEx (WAVES/USDT) Huobi (WAVES/USDT) BinanceUS (WAVES/USD) LPTUSD Index Crypto (LPT/USD) OKEx (LPT/USDT) Coinbase Pro (LPT/USD) Gemini (LPT/USD) Gateio (LPT/USDT) STORJUSD Index Crypto (STORJ/USDT) Binance (STORJ/USDT) Gateio (STORJ/USDT) CoinbasePro (STORJ/USD) BinanceUS (STORJ/USD) GTCUSD Index Crypto (GTC/USDT) Binance (GTC/USDT) CoinbasePro (GTC/USD) SCUSD Index Crypto (SC/USDT) Binance (SC/USDT) kraken (SC/USD) Huobi (SC/USDT) OKEx (SC/USDT) SRMUSD Index Crypto (SRM/USDC) Binance (SRM/USDT) OKEx (SRM/USDT) FTX (SRM/USD) NUUSD Index Crypto (NU/USDC) OKEx (NU/USDT) CoinbasePro (NU/USD) Binance (NU/USDT) SKLUSD Index Crypto (SKL/USDT) Binance (SKL/USDT) OKEx (SKL/USDT) CoinbasePro (SKL/USD) BANDUSD Index Crypto (BAND/USDT) Binance (BAND/USDT) CoinbasePro (BAND/USD) OKEx (BAND-USDT) FTX (BAND/USD) RAYUSD Index Crypto (RAY/USDT) Binance (RAY/USDT) FTX (RAY/USD) OKEx (RAY-USDT) Kraken (RAY/USD) QTUMUSD Index Crypto (QTUM_USDT) Binance (QTUM/USDT) OKEx (RAY-USDT) Gateio (QTUM_USDT) Huobi (QTUM/USDT) CTSIUSD Index Crypto (CTSI_USDT) Binance (CTSI/USDT) CoinbasePro (CTSI/USD) Huobi (CTSI/USDT) Gateio (CTSI_USDT) IMXUSD Index Crypto (IMX_USDC) Binance (IMX/USDT) OKEx (IMX-USDT) Huobi (IMX/USDT) CoinbasePro (IMX/USD) OCEANUSD Index Crypto (OCEAN_USDT) Binance (OCEAN/USDT) Gateio (OCEAN_USDT) Kraken (OCEAN/USD) Bitfinex (OCEAN/:USD) OGNUSD Index Crypto (OGN_USDT) Binance (OGN/USDT) CoinbasePro (OGN/USD) Huobi (OGN/USDT) Gateio (OGN_USDT) APEUSD Index Crypto (APE_USDT) Binance (APE/USDT) CoinbasePro (APE/USD) OKEx (​​APE-USDT) Gateio (APE_USDT) RSRUSD Index Crypto (RSR_USDT) Binance (RSR/USDT) OKEx (RSR-USDT) FTX (RSR/USD) HUOBI (RSR/USDT) NKNUSD Index Crypto (NKN_USDT) Binance (NKN/USDT) CoinbasePro (NKN/USD) HUOBI (NKN/USDT) GATE_IO (NKN_USDT) BALUSD Index Crypto (BAL_USDT) Binance (BAL/USDT) OKEx (BAL-USDT) CoinbasePro (BAL/USD) FTX (BAL/USD) KNCUSD Index Crypto (KNC_USDT) Binance (KNC/USDT) Gateio (KNC_USDT) Bitfinex (KNC/:USD) ZRXUSD Index Crypto (ZRX_USDT) Binance (ZRX/USDT) OKEx (ZRX-USDT) CoinbasePro (ZRX/USD) Huobi (ZRX/USDT) ARPAUSD Index Crypto (ARPA_USDC) Binance (ARPA/USDT) Gateio (ARPA_USDT) CoinbasePro (ARPA/USD) Huobi (ARPA/USDT) FXSUSD Index   Crypto (FXS_USDC) Binance (FXS/USDT) FTX (FXS/USD) Kraken (FXS/USD) DGBUSD Index   Crypto (DGB_USDC) Binance (DGB/USDT) OKEx (DGB-USDT) Bitfinex (DGB/USD) COTIUSD Index  Crypto (COTI_USDC) Binance (COTI/USDT) CoinbasePro (COTI/USD) Huobi (COTI/USDT) Gateio (COTI_USDT) MASKUSD Index Crypto (MASK_USDT) Binance (MASK/USDT) OKEx (MASK-USDT) Gateio (MASK_USDT) CoinbasePro (MASK/USD) PAXGUSD-INDEX Crypto (PAXG_USDT) Binance (PAXG/USDT) FTX (PAXG/USD) Kraken (PAXG/USD) Gemini (PAXG/USD) ANCUSD-INDEX Binance (ANC/USDT) Huobi (ANC/USDT) Gateio (ANC_USDT) OKEx (ANC-USDT) GLMRUSD-INDEX Crypto (GLMR_USDT) Binance (GLMR/USDT) Gateio (GLMR_USDT) OKEx (GLMR-USDT) Huobi (GLMR/USDT) REEFUSD Index Crypto (REEF_USDT) Binance (REEF/USDT) Gateio (REEF_USDT) Huobi (REEF/USDT) FTX (REEF/USD) GMTUSD-INDEX Binance (GMT/USDT) Gateio (GMT_USDT) OKEx (GMT-USDT) FTX (GMT/USD) Huobi (GMT/USDT) API3USD-Index   Crypto (API3_USDC) OKEx (API3-USDT) Binance (API3/USDT) Gateio (API3_USDT) CoinbasePro (API3/USD) ALPHAUSD-Index Crypto (ALPHA_USDT) Binance (ALPHA/USDT) OKEx (ALPHA-USDT) Gateio (ALPHA_USDT) FTX (ALPHA/USD) ETCUSD-Index Crypto (ETC_USDT) Binance (ETC/USDT) OKEx (ETC-USDT) CoinbasePro (ETC/USD) Huobi (ETC/USDT) JASMYUSD-Index CRYPTO (JASMY_USDT) Binance (JASMY/USDT) Huobi (JASMY/USDT) CoinbasePro (JASMY/USD) Gateio (JASMY_USDT) PERPUSD-Index CRYPTO (PERP_USDT) Binance (PERP/USDT) OKEx (PERP-USDT) Kraken (PERP/USD) FTX (PERP/USD) LUNCUSD-Index CRYPTO (LUNC_USDC) OKEx (LUNC-USDT) Gateio (LUNC_USDT) Huobi (LUNC/USDT) OPUSD-Index Huobi (OP/USDT) OKEx (OP-USDT) Gateio (OP_USDT) CoinbasePro (OP/USD) ETHWUSD-Index OKEx (ETHW-USDT) Gateio (ETHW_USDT) Kraken (ETHW/USD) FTX (ETHW/USD) Bitfinex (ETHW/:USD) RVNUSD-Index BINANCE (RVN/USDT) BINANCE_US (RVNUSD) OKEX (RVN-USDT) HUOBI (RVN/USDT) GATE_IO (RVN_USDT) SWEATUSD-Index BITFINEX (SWEAT/:USD) FTX (SWEAT/USD) GATE_IO (SWEAT_USDT) OKEX (SWEAT-USDT) GALUSD-Index COINBASEPRO (GAL/USD) BINANCE (GAL/USDT) HUOBI (GAL/USDT) GATE_IO (GAL_USDT) APTUSD-INDEX  BITFINEX (APT/UST) GATE_IO (APT_USDT) OKEX (APT_USDT) FTX (APT/USD) BINANCE (APT/USDT) LDOUSD-INDEX KRAKEN ([email protected]) BINANCE ([email protected]) GATE_IO ([email protected]) OKEX ([email protected]) CRYPTO_OEX (LDO_USDT) ANTUSD-INDEX COINBASEPRO ([email protected]) BINANCE (ANTU[email protected]) HUOBI ([email protected]) OKEX ([email protected]) CRYPTO_OEX (ANT_USD) CELOUSD-INDEX COINBASEPRO ([email protected]) BINANCE ([email protected]) GATE_IO ([email protected]) HUOBI ([email protected]) OKEX ([email protected]) LUNA2USD-INDEX CRYPTO_OEX (LUNA2_USD) BINANCE ([email protected]) GATE_IO ([email protected]) HUOBI ([email protected]) OKEX ([email protected])   The settlement will occur every 1 hour  (24 sessions per day at 00:00, 01:00, 02:00 … 23:00 UTC). This is known as the Session End Time. Realized and unrealized session profits gained at any point during the 1 hour prior to the Session End Time can only be withdrawn at or after settlement. At the end of each session, all positions’ Average Prices will be reset to the Mark Price (except for the session on the date of expiry, where all positions will be settled and expired – see Expiry Settlement). The Socialised Loss Mechanism may be applied if the Insurance Fund is depleted.  The final Session End Time for the futures contract will be 08:00 UTC on the date of expiry. This is known as the Expiry Settlement. Realized and unrealized session profits gained at any point during the 1 hour prior to the Expiry Settlement can only be withdrawn at or after settlement. All positions will be settled at the Settlement Price. The Socialised Loss Mechanism may be applied if the Insurance Fund is depleted.  The Settlement Price is calculated as the Time Weight Average Price of the Index Price over the last 60 minutes before the Expiry Settlement measured between 07:00 UTC and 08:00 UTC on the date of expiry.  Mark Price is used for calculating the margin requirement, and therefore also used to determine when margin-related notices are triggered and whether Forced Liquidation occurs. It is a means used to help prevent market manipulation and unnecessary liquidation. Mark Price = Index Price + 30 seconds an exponential moving average of (Market Price - Index Price) Mark Price Bandwidth = +/- 10% of 5 minutes Simple Moving Average of Mark Price  Market Price = median of the following 3 data points: Last Traded Best Bid Best Offer Every 1 hour (24 sessions per day at 00:00, 01:00, 02:00 … 23:00 UTC) daily is when settlement occurs, this is known as the Session End Time.  In certain circumstances, Crypto.com may close out any and all positions if it considers such measures are required. The applicable notice period is at least 48 hours.
Monthly Expiries
 Every non-Quarterly expiry will be listed 3 months prior to the expiry. For the avoidance of doubt, March, June, September, and December are Quarterly expiring and any other month is non-Quarterly. The first trade date will be Wednesday at 08.00 UTC before the monthly expiry date. Monthly futures expire on the last Friday of each calendar month at 08.00 UTC. 
Quarterly Expiries
 Every Quarterly expiry will be listed 6 months prior to the expiry. To avoid doubt, March, June, September, and December are Quarterly expiring and any other month is non Quarterly. The first trade date will be Wednesday at 08.00 UTC before the month expiry date. Quarterly futures expire on the last Friday of each calendar quarter at 08.00 UTC. 
Listing Calendar:
 Jan end 2,3,4,6 (Jan future expires, list Apr) Feb end 3,4,5,6 (Feb future expires, list May) Mar end 4,5,6,9 (Mar future expires, list Sep) Apr end 5,6,7,9 (Apr future expires, list Jul) May end 6,7,8,9 (May future expires, list Aug) Jun end 7,8,9,12 (Jun future expires, list Dec) Jul end 8,9,10,12 (Jul future expires, list Oct) Aug end 9,10,11,12 (Aug future expires, list Nov) Sep end 10,11,12,3 (Sep future expires, list Mar next year) Oct end 11,12,1,3 (Oct future expires, list Jan next year) Nov end 12,1,2,3 (Nov future expires, list Feb next year) Dec end 1,2,3,6 (Dec future expires, list Jun next year) Please review the contract specifications together with the Futures Contract Trading FAQs and the Derivatives Trading Terms and Conditions.  BTCUSD FUTURES CONTRACT PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS Product name BTCUSD Futures Contract Product Issuer CRO DAX Limited Symbol BTCUSD-YYMMDD (e.g. BTCUSD-210625) Product type Futures Underlying Crypto.com BTCUSD Index Settlement Virtual Asset USD Date of Expiry Last Friday of the expiry month  (e.g. for BTCUSD-210625 or 2Q 2021 Futures, the date of expiry will be on the last Friday of 2nd quarter 2021, which will be June 25) Session payment times Every 1 hour ( 24 sessions per day at 00:00, 01:00, 02:00 … 23:00 UTC) daily Time for expiry / Expiry Settlement 8:00 am UTC Trading End Period Until 1-second before the time of expiry Contract Size 1 BTC (1 USD per index point) Minimum Order Quantity 0.0001 BTC Maximum Order Quantity Subject to the exposure limit Minimum Tick Size 0.1 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth: +/-5% of Mark Price Passive bandwidth: +/-50% of Mark Price Exposure Limit Weight 2 Margin Policy Cross margin Maximum Leverage Refer to Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage Please review the contract specifications together with the Futures Contract Trading FAQs and the Derivatives Trading Terms and Conditions.  Product name ETHUSD Futures Contract Product Issuer CRO DAX Limited Symbol ETHUSD-YYMMDD (e.g. ETHUSD-210924) Product type Futures Underlying Crypto.com ETHUSD Index Settlement Virtual Asset USD Date of Expiry Last Friday of the expiry month  (e.g. for ETHUSD-210924 or 3Q 2021 Futures, the date of expiry will be on the last Friday of 3rd quarter 2021, which will be September 24) Session payment times Every 8 hours at 00:00 UTC, 08:00 UTC, and at 16:00 UTC daily Time for expiry / Expiry Settlement 8:00 am UTC Trading End Period Until 1-second before the time of expiry Contract Size 1 ETH (1 USD per index point) Minimum Order Quantity 0.0001 ETH Maximum Order Quantity Subject to the exposure limit Minimum Tick Size 0.01 USD Trading Bandwidth Aggressive bandwidth: +/-5% of Mark Price Passive bandwidth: +/-50% of Mark Price Exposure Limit Weight 2 Margin Policy Cross margin Maximum Leverage Refer to Margin Rule page for the latest product leverage
What is the USD Bundle?
 USD Bundle is a bundled asset that comprises the U.S. Dollar and stablecoins. The list of stablecoins is currently: BUSD TUSD USDC All assets within the USD Bundle can be freely deposited or withdrawn anytime at a 1:1 ratio with no conversion fees or spreads incurred. The USD Bundle will be displayed throughout the Crypto.com Exchange’s user interface as USD. For example, the Bitcoin/USD Bundle trading pair will be denominated as BTC/USD. 
How will my deposits be reflected in the USD Bundle?
 When you deposit U.S. dollars or any USD Bundle stablecoins into the Crypto.com Exchange, you will see a consolidated balance in your account. If you have any existing U.S. dollars or stablecoin balances, they will be consolidated into the USD Bundle asset and displayed as a single amount. All assets in your USD Bundle balance will be shown as per the screenshot below:  
How do withdrawals from my USD Bundle balance work?
 All USD Bundle assets can be freely withdrawn at a 1:1 ratio to the U.S. Dollar with no conversion fees or spreads incurred. 
Can I trade with the USD Bundle?
 Trading with the USD Bundle is performed via the USD Bundle-denominated trading pair, referred to as /USD.  However, please note that all BUSD, TUSD, and USDC-denominated trading pairs will be removed from the Exchange, and the following Spot pairs will be removed: BUSD/USDT TUSD/USDT USDC/USDT USDT/USD will be added to the Exchange 
How do I know that my USD Bundle assets are safe?
 Crypto.com is deeply committed to security and data privacy, working tirelessly to safeguard your personal information and assets. If your Exchange or Crypto.com App account is compromised even after enabling certain security features, the Account Protection Programme (APP) protects up to US$250,000 worth of your assets. For more information on the APP, please refer to the FAQs here.  Additionally, if users' funds are at risk after a security event occurs, we will swiftly assess the situation and take the necessary steps to eliminate or minimise its impact. At every step of the way, you will be informed through our communication channels. 
Are any other Crypto.com Exchange functions or features impacted by the USD Bundle?
 Every feature and function involving BUSD, TUSD, USDC, and USD will be updated after the USD Bundle is introduced to the Exchange. These include the following key areas: 
Deposit and Withdrawal Records
 All transfer records will remain intact You will be able to see your deposits and withdrawals at the currency level
Stablecoin Conversions
 The 1:1 stablecoin conversion feature will be removed. Stablecoin conversions will no longer be required after the introduction of the USD Bundle. The following stablecoins – BUSD, TUSD, and USDC will be added to the USD Bundle
Trading Bots
 All trading bots with USDC trading pairs will be replaced with the USD Bundle equivalent Filled orders in the past with USDC pairs will be referred to as ‘USD’ in the Trade History menu
OTC Trading
 All OTC USDC trading pairs will be replaced with their USD Bundle equivalent. For example, ETH/USDC will now be ETH/USD.
Existing LTV Loans
 All USDC loan principal amounts will be converted to the USD Bundle and the interest will be settled in the USD Bundle All users’ loan histories will remain intact
Native CRO Network on the Crypto.com Exchange And the Benefits
 The Crypto.com Exchange is now supporting CRO transfers on the native CRO network (also known as the Cronos Chain Mainnet).  Cronos Chain is a public, open-source and permissionless blockchain - a fully decentralized network with high speed and low fees, designed to be a public good that helps drive mass adoption of blockchain technology through use cases like Payments, DeFi and NFTs.   Learn more about the Cronos Chain.  Prior to the Mainnet launch, all CRO transfers on the Exchange are processed on the Ethereum network called ERC20. ERC20 CRO tokens are created and hosted on the Ethereum blockchain, where ETH network fees are required to carry out crypto transactions. 
The Benefits of native CRO network:
 Customers have the option to withdraw native CRO on Cronos Chain which features a lower transaction fee than the Ethereum network. Additionally, the Crypto.org Chain is featured with a faster processing time than the Ethereum network, and this allows you to deposit and withdraw your Crypto.org Coin quicker than CRO (ERC20).  We highly recommend the existing CRO holders to transfer to the native CRO network as soon as possible to enjoy the benefits of the Cronos Chain. 
How can I differentiate a wallet address registered on the Cronos Chain Mainnet?
 A native CRO address on the Cronos Chain Mainnet starts with “cro…”. Also, a memo is required for sending native CRO to a centralized wallet. An ERC20 CRO address on the Ethereum network starts with “0x…” See Native (Mainnet) CRO vs ERC20 CRO comparison table below for more information. 
How do I deposit and withdraw native CRO on my Exchange account?
 The same way you would currently deposit and withdraw funds on the Crypto.com Exchange, simply follow the steps below: To deposit on the Crypto.com Exchange, please reference this FAQ. To withdraw on the Crypto.com Exchange, please reference this FAQ.
Native CRO vs ERC20 CRO
 Difference Native CRO ERC20 CRO Chain Cronos Chain Ethereum Address Format Starts with “cro…”  The memo is required for sending native CRO to a centralized wallet Starts with “0x…” Withdrawal Fee In CRO: ~0.001 CRO (~$0.0002 USD) In ETH: ~100 CRO (~$20 USD) On-Chain Confirmation 10 seconds 5 to 30 mins depending on the ETH network traffic and fee tier
(U.S. Institutions) How to Make a Deposit
 Step 1: Click Wallets in the left navigation panel and select Deposit in the USD wallet Step 2: Select Deposit USD under the Fiat option Step 3: Read and accept the Terms and Conditions Step 1: On the Wallet page, click Deposit in the USD row under the Fiat Currencies section Step 2: Select SEN or FEDWIRE bank account to link Step 3: Fill in your bank account information and click Submit Step 4: Verify your SEN or FEDWIRE account How do I verify my SEN bank account? Silvergate will reach out to you to confirm that you are linking your SEN bank account to the Crypto.com Exchange Once you make this confirmation, your account will be verified How do I verify my FEDWIRE bank account? Make one deposit with your FEDWIRE bank account Once this initial deposit is successful, your account will be verified. How do I deposit USD from my bank account to my Fiat Wallet on the Exchange? After you have set up a verified SEN or FEDWIRE bank account, go to the Spot Wallet page Click Deposit in the USD row under the Fiat Currencies section Select the bank account that you would like to make a deposit from Make a bank transfer from the account shown in the deposit information pop-up window Is there a fee to deposit fiat to the Exchange? Crypto.com does not charge fees for USD deposits via FEDWIRE or SEN, but your bank may apply a processing fee. Please reach out to your banking institution for more information regarding this fee. Are there any deposit limits for fiat?Yes. The deposit limits are shown below: Minimum: US$500 Maximum: Unlimited A US$30 administration fee will be applied to every return of an erroneous USD deposit How long do deposits take to process? SEN – Up to 24 hours FEDWIRE – 1 to 3 days, depending on the bank
(U.S. Institutions) How to Make a Withdrawal
 How do I withdraw USD to my bank account? Have a verified FEDWIRE or SEN account linked to the Exchange Select a verified bank account from that you wish to withdraw your funds to Enter a withdrawal amount, review the transaction details, and click Confirm to Withdraw Is there a withdrawal fee? No, Crypto.com does not charge institutional clients a withdrawal fee. How long does it take to make a withdrawal? SEN – Up to 24 hours FEDWIRE – 2 to 4 days, depending on the bank What are the withdrawal limits? Total withdrawal limit: US$10,000,000 SEN Minimum: US$500 Daily maximum: US$10,000,000 FEDWIRE Minimum: US$500 Daily maximum: US$1,000,000
General Questions and Tips
 Which bank network is my institution eligible to make transfers to and from? Bank Network U.S. Institutions Non-U.S. Institutions SEN ✅ ✅ FEDWIRE ✅ ❌ SWIFT ❌ ✅ How many bank accounts can I link to my Exchange Fiat Wallet? A maximum of 5 bank accounts can be linked to your Exchange account You will have to delete one if you have reached your limit and would like to add a new bank account Pending accounts count toward your maximum account limit. However, rejected accounts do not. 5. How can I delete a bank account? Go to Bank Transfer via the left navigation panel to see your list of Verified, Pending, and/or Rejected bank accounts. You will see a Delete option next to the bank account. Click it to unlink the bank account from the Exchange.
DEPOSITS(Into Crypto.com Exchange)
Deposits - How-To
 Please refer here on how to deposit crypto from your Crypto.com App to the Crypto.com Exchange  Please refer here on how to deposit crypto to the Crypto.com Exchange 
Deposits - Fees & Limits
 There are no fees and limits for depositing crypto to the Crypto.com Exchange 
Deposits - Processing Time
 You can find the number of confirmations required for each coin by selecting the Deposit button on the Balances page. 
Deposits - Fiat
 Fiat deposits are not yet supported on the Crypto.com Exchange  Note: Currently the Crypto.com Exchange does not support most EVM chain's native tokens' deposits, except for ETH, from Smart Contracts and any such transfers will not be credited automatically.  Note: KLAY smart contract deposits are not automatically scanned.
WITHDRAWALS (From Crypto.com Exchange)
Withdrawals - How-To
 Please refer here on how to withdraw to the Crypto.com App from the Crypto.com Exchange  Please refer here on how to withdraw to an external wallet address from the Crypto.com Exchange
Withdrawals- Fees & Limits
 A withdrawal from the Crypto.com Exchange is an on-chain transaction of transferring crypto to an external cryptocurrency address (usually a wallet or another exchange). As with all blockchain transactions, they come with a fee.  Note: Transferring crypto to your Crypto.com Wallet App's address will also incur a fee if completed on-chain. To avoid a fee, please use the Withdraw to App function.  Withdrawal fees will be settled in the currency you are receiving and can not be paid with CRO. 
Withdrawal Fees & Limits
 Please refer to the schedule listed here  
Withdrawals- Processing Time
 Withdrawals to an external address may take 2-3 hours to process.Withdrawals to the Crypto.com App are instant. 
Withdrawals- Fiat
 Fiat withdrawals are not yet supported on the Crypto.com Exchange 
Maximum Withdrawal
 For wallets that have one or more live risk positions (e.g. perpetual, futures, or margin), the maximum withdrawable amount is determined by the Margin Level rule or the Smart Cross Margin methodology, whichever results in a lower amount. 
The Margin Level Rule
 Margin Level = Wallet Balance / Risk Positions  Wallet Balance: The total market value of the tokens in a wallet Risk Position: The total derivative liabilities charges and all margin loan positions  The withdrawable amount from your wallet balance is determined by the following formula:  The default Margin Level Rule is set to a minimum of 2, meaning that the withdrawable amount may not exceed twice the value of the Risk Position. I.e. Wallet Balance / Risk Positions > 2 
The Smart Cross Margin Methodology
 The withdrawal amount is determined by the following formula:  For USD Withdrawable Balance = min(USD Balance - max(0, Total Session Realised PnL), Available Balance)  For non-USD token Withdrawable Balance = min(Token Balance, (Available Balance/ Token Price) / Token Collateral Weight))  Please refer to the FAQ for Smart Cross Margin for full details regarding this methodology. 
The Maximum Withdrawable Amount
 The maximum withdrawable amount shall be determined by the Margin Level Rule (Margin Level > 2) or Smart Cross Margin methodology, whichever is the lower amount.  Crypto.com reserves the right to change the default Margin Level at its sole discretion. Example of Margin Level Rule:  In the example below (not representative of observed market values), a user with a 10 BTCUSD-PERP position and US$50,000 in their wallet can withdraw up to US$30,000 while the perpetual contract position is open. At the current cash value and risk position, the user has a margin level of 5. Transferring or withdrawing US$30,000 will result in the margin level reducing to approximately 2. Instrument Type Quantity Market Value Risk Position in USD Asset in USD Initial Margin (IM) Ratio Delta IM Margin Level Risk Position USD CCY 50000 50000 0 50000 0 0 0 BTCUSD-PERP PERP 10 200000 200000 0 0.05 10000 10000 Initial Margin: 10210  Max. Withdrawal in USD = Wallet Balance - Risk Position * Margin Level Max. Withdrawal in USD = (USD Market Value) - (BTCUSD-PERP Margin Level Risk Pos * 2) Max. Withdrawal in USD = 50000 - 10000 * 2 Max. Withdrawal in USD = 30,000
Who is eligible to receive a 2% bonus on crypto deposits to the Crypto.com Exchange?
 The 2% deposit bonus will be discontinued on 25 August 2022 at 02:00 UTC. New users that signed up to the Crypto.com Exchange prior to the cutoff date and time stated above and who meet the conditions will continue to be eligible for the 2% deposit bonus.  New users* who meet both conditions are eligible for the 2% deposit bonus. Registered for a Crypto.com Exchange account after May 11, 2020, 00:00:00 UTC Note: Existing Crypto.com App users who registered for a Crypto.com Exchange account after May 11, 2020, 00:00:00 UTC are considered new users. 
How do I receive the 2% deposit bonus?
 All direct deposits* made to your Crypto.com Exchange Wallet address within 30 days from the new account creation date will receive a 2% bonus** of the deposit value in CRO.  Applicable for confirmed deposits from May 25, 2020, 7:00 AM UTC.  Note:  *Transfers made from the Crypto.com App are not on-chain deposits and will not receive a deposit bonus on the Crypto.com Exchange. ** If the bonus amount is less than 1 CRO equivalent, it will not be credited 
How much deposit bonus can I get?
 Effective October 13, 2020, 12:00 PM UTC, all on-chain deposits made to the Exchange will receive a 2% bonus in CRO, up to a maximum of 500 CRO.  As of the effective time: Users who have equal to or more than 500 CRO in bonus rewards will be unaffected, but no new bonus rewards will be given for new deposits. Users who have less than 500 CRO in bonus rewards can gain rewards up to 500 CRO.
Do I receive a deposit bonus if I transfer funds from the Crypto.com App to the Crypto.com Exchange?
 There will be no deposit bonus for transfers made from the App to the Exchange. 
Do I receive a bonus for direct deposits to the Crypto.com App?
 No. The 2% deposit bonus only applies to on-chain deposits made to Crypto.com Exchange accounts created after May 11, 2020, 00:00:00 UTC. 
What will the deposit bonus be paid in?
 The deposit bonus will be paid in CRO. 
When and where can I see my bonus?
 After we have confirmed your deposit, the bonus CRO will be updated within 1 minute. You may refer to it under Reward. The bonus will then be staked for 180 days. 
Will I receive a bonus for deposits made before 25 May 2020?
 No, Deposits that were made before 25 May 2020 are not eligible for the deposit bonus.  The bonus is applicable for confirmed deposits on the Exchange from May 25, 2020, at 7:00 AM UTC. 
When will the bonus be available to trade/withdraw?
 Once the direct deposit is confirmed, the 2% deposit bonus will be staked for 180 days.  After which the CRO will be credited to the Exchange wallet, available for trade/withdrawal. 
How long will the deposit bonus be staked?
 The deposit bonus staking period is 180 days on the Exchange.  It starts from the latest direct deposit confirmed to your Crypto.com Exchange wallet address within the first 30 days from the account-created date. 
If I stake more CRO, will it affect my deposit bonus staking period?
 Yes. Each deposit bonus or staking more CRO will reset the 180 days period. 
Does the staked CRO from the deposit bonus contribute to CRO staking levels?
 Yes, the staked CRO from the deposit bonus will count towards the CRO Staked tiers for CRO staking benefits. CRO Staked Maker Fee Benefit Taker Fee Benefit Interest APR Syndicate Pay Benefits ≥ 1,000 3% off 3% off 0% ❌ ❌ ≥ 5,000 5% off 5% off 0% ✔️ ❌ ≥ 10,000 8% off 8% off 0% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 50,000 Zero 12% off 4% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 100,000 0.01 bps Rebate 15% off 4% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 500,000 0.02 bps Rebate 20% off 8% ✔️ ≥ 1,000,000 0.05 bps Rebate 25% off 8% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 5,000,000 0.10 bps Rebate 30% off 8% ✔️ ✔️ CRO Staked Maker Fee Benefit Taker Fee Benefit Interest APR Syndicate Pay Benefits ≥ 1,000 3% off 3% off 0% ❌ ❌ *Negative trading fees only apply to VIP 1 retail traders. 
When will I receive interest from CRO staked for Tier 2 and above?
 Interest is calculated daily and credited to the Exchange wallet at 00:00:00 UTC. 
What will happen to my deposit bonus if I withdraw my deposit within the first 180 days before the deposit bonus is unstaked?
 To prevent abuse, trading volumes may be monitored during the CRO staking period. If the combined trading volume during this period is not at least 3 times the amount deposited (in USD equivalent value), Crypto.com may withdraw the bonus.  Example: If you've deposited $1,000 USD in crypto, your trading volume within the 180 days needs to be at least $3,000 USD to be credited the deposit bonus at the end of the staking period.
What is the Travel Rule?
 On 1 June 2019, the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) officially adopted what is known as the Travel Rule. The regulation relates to the gathering and transmission of required names and account details of the parties involved in virtual asset transfers between financial institutions. 
Is the Travel Rule mandatory?
 On 22 February 2022, the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority (CIMA) issued an Industry Notice advising Virtual Asset Service Providers (VASPs) that the 'Travel Rule' provisions under the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (2020 Revision) (as amended, the AMLRs) will come into effect on 1 July 2022.  As a regulated entity under the CIMA, the Crypto.com Exchange will be required to comply with these new regulations. 
How will the Travel Rule affect me?
 The Crypto.com Exchange will be gradually implementing Travel Rule measures across 2022 in an effort to minimize inconvenience to our users. The measures implemented will affect Crypto.com Exchange users globally.  As part of the first phase, the Crypto.com Exchange will ask you to provide the following information for your next transaction:  You must provide the name of the beneficiary party and whether the transfer is going to a private wallet or cryptocurrency exchange account. Other supplementary information is required as well.  The information of the beneficiary party will then be assigned to the corresponding digital wallet address. You will not be required to furnish the beneficiary party’s information for subsequent transfers to the assigned digital wallet address.  You should share additional details about your incoming transfers, including the name of the originating party and whether the transfer is from a private wallet or cryptocurrency exchange. 
How will this affect me in the future?
 The Crypto.com Exchange’s phased approach to implementing the Travel Rule will ultimately ensure that all incoming and outgoing transfers are CIMA-compliant. For incoming and outgoing transactions to or from private wallets, the Crypto.com Exchange will work with you to verify that they are owned and controlled by you.  You will be notified regarding the details of any upcoming measures prior to their roll-out. If you have any questions, kindly reach out to our Customer Support team at [email protected].  For additional information, please refer to the following documents provided by FATF and CIMA: Updated Guidance for a Risk-Based Approach for Virtual Assets and Virtual Asset Service Providers NOTICE - RE: Travel Rule Requirements for Virtual Assets Service Providers
A Guide to Deposits and Adding New Withdrawal Addresses
 Add a New Withdrawal Address Go to Wallets > Deposit & Withdrawal > Withdrawal Whitelist Click Add Withdrawal Address 3. In the Add a New Address dialog box, fill in all mandatory fields, i.e. Coin and Network Address Wallet Type (default value = Others) Label 4. Enter the 2FA code from your authenticator app and save the address  To review incoming deposit transactions: Click the Add Info button on the blue banner located above the top navigation panel. This banner will also show the total number of new incoming deposits. 2. You will then be redirected to the Deposit & Withdrawal tab 3. In this page, click Add Info for the selected deposit transaction under the Deposit Info tab  4. In the Add Information dialog box, review the information for your deposit and fill in the following details: Wallet Type (default value = Others) 5. Proceed with deposit verification steps 6. Once the information for this transaction is successfully submitted, the transaction will be removed from the My Deposits page 7. Check your full deposit history by going to Wallet > Deposit & Withdrawal > History
(Global Institutions) How to Make a Deposit
 Step 1: Click Wallets in the left navigation panel and select Deposit in the USD wallet Step 2: Select Deposit USD under the Fiat option Step 3: Read and accept the Terms and Conditions Step 1: In the Wallet page, click Deposit in the USD row Step 2: Select a SEN and SWIFT bank account to link Step 3: Fill in your bank account information and click Submit Step 4: Verify your SEN and SWIFT account How do I verify my SEN bank account? Silvergate will reach out to you to confirm that you are linking your SEN bank account to the Crypto.com Exchange Once you make this confirmation, your account will be verified How do I verify my SWIFT bank account? Make one deposit with your SWIFT bank account Once this initial deposit is successful, your account will be verified. How do I deposit USD from my bank account to my Fiat Wallet on the Exchange? After you have set up a verified SEN or SWIFT bank account, go to the Wallet page Click Deposit in the USD wallet Select the bank account that you would like to make a deposit from Make a bank transfer from the account shown in the deposit information popup window Is there a fee to deposit fiat to the Exchange? Crypto.com does not charge fees for USD deposits via SEN or SWIFT but your bank may apply a processing fee. Please reach out to your banking institution for more information regarding this fee. Are there any deposit limits for fiat?Yes. The deposit limits are shown below: Minimum: US$500 Maximum: Unlimited A US$30 administration fee will be applied to every return of an erroneous USD deposit How long do deposits take to process? SEN – Up to 24 hours SWIFT – 3 to 6 business days
(Global Institutions) How to Make a Withdrawal
 How do I withdraw USD to my bank account? Have a verified SEN or SWIFT account linked to the Exchange Select a verified bank account to you wish to withdraw your funds to Enter a withdrawal amount, review the transaction details, and click Confirm to Withdraw Is there a withdrawal fee? No, Crypto.com does not charge institutional clients a withdrawal fee. How long does it take to make a withdrawal? SEN – Up to 24 hours SWIFT – 2 to 5 days, depending on the bank What are the withdrawal limits? Total withdrawal limit: US$10,000,000 SEN Minimum: US$500 Daily maximum: US$10,000,000 SWIFT Minimum: US$500 Daily maximum: US$1,000,000
General Questions and Tips
 Which bank network is my institution eligible to make transfers to and from? Bank Network U.S. Institutions Non-U.S. Institutions SEN ✅ ✅ FEDWIRE ✅ ❌ SWIFT ❌ ✅ 2. How many bank accounts can I link to my Exchange USD Wallet? A maximum of 5 bank accounts can be linked to your Exchange account You will have to delete one if you have reached your limit and would like to add a new bank account Pending accounts count towards your maximum account limit. However, rejected accounts do not. 3. How can I delete a bank account? Go to Bank Transfer via the left navigation panel to see your list of Verified, Pending, and/or Rejected bank accounts. You will see a Delete option next to the bank account. Click it to unlink the bank account from the Exchange. 4. In what country is this feature available? This feature is available in the countries below. For the United States, please refer to this FAQ here. Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Chad Chile Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor (Timor-Leste) Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guernsey Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Laos Latvia Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Nauru New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Samoa San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St Pierre & Miquelon St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Vincent and the Grenadines Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Zambia  
CRO Staking Benefits
 Staking CRO on the Exchange will give you the following benefits: CRO rebate Tier-based APR of up to 8% interest paid daily Access to The Syndicate Referral Program bonus Pay Benefits CRO Staked Maker Fee Benefit Taker Fee Benefit Interest APR Syndicate Pay Benefits ≥ 1,000 3% off 3% off 0% ❌ ❌ ≥ 5,000 5% off 5% off 0% ✔️ ❌ ≥ 10,000 8% off 8% off 0% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 50,000 Zero 12% off 4% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 100,000 0.01 bps Rebate 15% off 4% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 500,000 0.02 bps Rebate 20% off 8% ✔️ ≥ 1,000,000 0.05 bps Rebate 25% off 8% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 5,000,000 0.10 bps Rebate 30% off 8% ✔️ ✔️
How to Stake CRO on the Exchange
 In order to stake CRO on the Crypto.com Exchange, you will first need to have CRO in your Exchange wallet.  1. Log in to Crypto.com Exchange. 2. Select Stake & Earn. 3. Select Stake CRO Now.   Your available CRO balance will be displayed to show the maximum CRO amount available for staking. To receive trading fee benefits, a minimum of 1,000 CRO must be staked. 4. Input the CRO amount to stake and select Review Staking. 5. Select Confirm to Stake after reviewing the staking details. 6. Upon successfully staking, you will see the CRO amount staked and the remaining days until it can be withdrawn.  Note: CRO staking is for 180 days and can only be withdrawn in full once the period is over. 
CRO Staking Benefits on the Exchange
 Effective 18 August 2022 02:05 UTC, CRO Staking will follow a tier-based APR approach and your CRO Staking rate will be dependent on the amount of CRO you stake (please reference the table above for rates). Users with 5,000 CRO or more staked before 18 August 2022 02:05 UTC will continue to receive the 10% APR rate until the 180-day staking period is over. The new tier-based rate will be applied once the staking period has matured or if there is any new staking activity resulting in changes to your total CRO-staked amount. Note: Staking activity includes regular CRO Staking, Deposit Bonus Staking, and Early Swap Bonus. Users who are already staking CRO and have completed the 180-day staking period will have the effective APR adjusted to the new tier-based rates.
What are the benefits of staking CRO on the Exchange?
 Staking CRO on the Crypto.com Exchange will provide you with additional trading fee benefits (discounted fees, zero maker fees, and maker rebates depending on how much you CRO stake) - see below benefits summary and fees outline on the fees page here ≥ CRO Staked Maker Fee Benefit Taker Fee Benefit 1,000 3% discount 3% discount 5,000 5% discount 5% discount 10,000 8% discount 8% discount 50,000 0% Maker fees 12% discount 100,000 0.01 bps Rebate 15% discount 500,000 0.02 bps Rebate 20% discount 1,000,000 0.05 bps Rebate 25% discount 5,000,000 0.10 bps Rebate 30% discount CRO is staked for 180 days and can only be withdrawn in full once the period is over. You can review the balance of CRO staked and the number of days until it can be withdrawn on the Stake & Earn page. 
Can I increase my staked CRO amount on the Exchange?
 Yes, you can top up your staked CRO amount at any time to earn more interest. Each top-up (new CRO added for staking) resets the 180-day staking period on the total amount staked. 
How much can I top up at once?
 Each top-up has a minimum of 1,000 CRO. 
Does the CRO I deposit into Crypto Earn go towards CRO staking on the Exchange?
 No, the CRO deposited into Crypto Earn in the Crypto.com App is not the same as staking on the Crypto.com Exchange nor can it be transferred. 
When can I withdraw my staked CRO?
 If you have staked CRO, it can only be withdrawn in full after 180 days have passed. When reviewing the staking details, the exact date and time will be provided.  The Stake & Earn the main page will also display the number of days that remain in the staked period. 
How does the maker fee rebate on the Exchange's trading fees work?
 Maker fee rebates are fees credited (i.e. negative maker fees) and settled with you in real-time upon a limited order being executed. The fee rebates are credited in real-time and settled in the trading pair currency you are receiving. When trading derivatives, the fee rebates are credited in real-time and settled in USDC. 
CRO Staking Benefit: Earn tier-based APR Interest
  Daily interest will be calculated with the following formula:  Daily Interest = Principal amount (in original cryptocurrency) x (APR/365) Example 1: You have staked 50,000 CRO for 180 days and do not top-up You will receive 5.47945205 CRO every day Assuming APR of 4%
When will I receive the interest for staking CRO?
 At 00:50:00 (UTC) every day, your trading volume over the past 30-day period in USD and CRO staking balance are evaluated. Interest gained from staking CRO will be distributed daily usually within the following hour.  Your trading fee tier and corresponding maker/taker fees are refreshed hourly - based on your trading volume achieved over the past 30-days and the amount of CRO staked.
General information about Crypto.com Exchange Lending
 Crypto.com Lending allows you to borrow against your crypto assets (known as ‘Virtual Assets’) without selling them. You can deposit them as Collateral and take out crypto loans to fulfill your financial needs, use them for Margin Trading on the Crypto.com Exchange, or hedge on other exchange platforms. 
How does Crypto.com Lending differ from Crypto Credit?
 Crypto.com Lending is offered on the Crypto.com Exchange, while Crypto Credit is available in the Crypto.com App.  It also provides more flexible metrics, catering to the needs of institutional users. Lending users can take up multiple active loans at one time, subject to loan terms. 
Common Terms on Crypto.com Exchange?
 Term Description Collateral The amount of immediately available crypto assets maintained, or required to be maintained in Crypto.com Lending for loan drawdown. Wallet The primary crypto wallet for your Crypto.com Exchange account (a.k.a. Account), which you can use to receive loans, deposit Collateral and make loan repayments. Loan-to-Value (LTV) LTV is the ratio of your loan to the value of your Collateral. When you borrow a loan, we calculate your loan amount or required Collateral based on the following formula: LTV = (Loan Amount) ÷ (Market Value of Collateral) When a loan becomes active, we monitor your loan's LTV based on the following formula: LTV = (Market Value of Outstanding Balance) ÷ (Market Value of Collateral) See "What is Loan-to-Value (LTV)?" for further details. Lending Term Limit The maximum amount of time we can provide you with credit under a loan. See "How long are the loan terms for Crypto.com Lending?" for further details. Maximum Borrowing Limit The maximum amount of credit that Crypto.com Lending can provide, is a general ceiling of your outstanding loans in aggregate under Lending. The Maximum Borrowing Limit may be subject to change at the discretion of Crypto.com. See "What are the loan limits on the Crypto.com Exchange?" for further details. Margin Call A Margin Call will be triggered when your loan's LTV reaches or exceeds the prescribed threshold, and you will receive email notifications regarding loan repayment. See "What happens if my loan is on Margin Call?" for further details. Forced Liquidation When your loan's LTV reaches or exceeds the prescribed threshold set by Crypto.com for a Forced Liquidation, we will liquidate the entire corresponding Collateral to make full repayment of your loan. After the Forced Liquidation, all remaining liquidation proceeds will be deposited into your Crypto.com Exchange Wallet. Please note that a Liquidation Fee will be applied. See "What triggers Forced Liquidation?" for further details. Interest The cost of borrowing a crypto loan. See "How is interest calculated?" for further details.
What is LTV?
 LTV is the ratio of your loan to the value of your Collateral.  When you borrow a loan, we calculate your loan amount or required Collateral based on the following formula.  LTV = (Market Value of Loan Amount) ÷ (Market Value of Collateral)  When a loan becomes active, we monitor your loan’s LTV based on the following formula.  LTV = (Market Value of Outstanding Balance) ÷ (Market Value of Collateral) where, Outstanding Balance = Outstanding Loan Principal + Outstanding Loan Interest  A composite index price is used to calculate the LTV every 5 seconds, which incorporates price data from the following major exchanges with the corresponding weightage: Kraken, 20%; Bittrex, 20%; Huobi, 20%; Binance, 20%; Crypto.com, 20%. Based on the price data from these exchanges, we determine the composite index price and use this to value your crypto assets for LTV calculation. USDT is regarded as the ‘Home Currency’ for all crypto asset valuations.  As a fallback, these actions will be used to determine a fair, weighted price: If a constituent exchange is unresponsive, the most recently available price will be used. If a constituent exchange is unresponsive for 15 minutes, the constituent will be removed from the index until it is operational. If a constituent’s price differs from the median constituent price for that index by 5% or more, it will be excluded from the index calculation. The constituent’s price will be included in the index price again when it differs from the median by less than 5%. In rare cases, we will not use this methodology to value your crypto assets. Such instances will only occur when the value of the crypto asset is different from the price listed on the Crypto.com Exchange. Citizens or residents of the excluded jurisdictions listed below are also unable to use our Lending services at this time.  The following locations are restricted from using Lending services: Country Country Code Afghanistan AF / AFG American Samoa AS / ASM Antigua & Barbuda AG / ATG Australia AU / AUS Austria AT / AUT Bangladesh BD / BGD Belgium BE / BEL Bolivia BO / BOL Brazil BR / BRA Bulgaria BG / BGR Burundi BI / BDI Canada CA / CAN Carribean Netherlands BQ / BES Central Africa Republic CF / CAF Congo, Dem. Rep. CD / COD Croatia HR / HRV Cuba CU / CUB Curaçao CW/CUW Cyprus CY / CYP Czech Republic CZ / CZE Denmark DK / DNK Ecuador EC / ECU Eritrea ER / ERI Estonia EE / EST Finland FI / FIN France FR / FRA French Guiana GF / GUF French Polynesia PF / PYF Germany DE / DEU Gibraltar GI / GIB Greece GR / GRC Guadeloupe GP / GLP Guam GU /GUM Guernsey GG / GGY Guinea GN / GIN Guinea-Bissau GW / GNB Hong Kong HK / HKG Hungary HU / HUN Iceland IS / ISL Iran IR / IRN Iraq IQ / IRQ Ireland IE / IRL Italy IT / ITA Kyrgyzstan KG / KGZ Latvia LV / LVA Lebanon LB / LBN Libya LY / LBY Liechtenstein LI / LIE Lithuania LT / LTU Luxembourg LU / LUX Mali ML / MLI Malta MT / MLT Minor Outlying Islands UMI Monaco MC / MCO Myanmar MM / MMR Namibia NA / NAM Nepal NP / NPL Netherlands NL / NLD New Caledonia NC / NCL North Korea KP / PRK North Macedonia MK / MKD Northern Mariana Islands MP / MNP Norway NO / NOR People’s Republic of China CN / CHN Poland PL / POL Portugal PT / PRT Puerto Rico PR / PRI Reunion RE / REU Romania RO / ROU Saint Martin MF / MAF Singapore SG / SGP Sint Maarten SX / SXM Slovakia SK / SVK Slovenia SI / SVN Somalia SO / SOM South Africa ZA / ZAF South Sudan SS/SSD Spain ES / ESP St Pierre & Miquelon PM / SPM St. Lucia LC / LCA Sudan SD / SDN Sweden SE / SWE Switzerland CH / CHE Syria SY / SYR Turkey TR / TUR Ukraine - Crimea Region  Ukraine - Donetsk Region  Ukraine - Luhansk/Lugansk Region  United Kingdom GB / GBR United States US/USA US Virgin Islands VI / VIR Vatican City VA/VAT Venezuela VE / VEN Yemen YE / YEM Zimbabwe ZW / ZWE
Which cryptocurrencies are supported on Crypto.com Lending?
 We accept crypto assets as Collateral, like CRO, LTC, BTC, and ETH, and you can borrow loans in crypto assets, like USDC, USDT, BTC, and ETH. We are adding new crypto assets all the time. Watch this space! Type Crypto Assets Loan USD, USDT, BTC, ETH, XRP, LINK, DOGE, UNI, MATIC, ENJ, CRV, FLOW, SHIB, EOS Collateral CRO, LTC, BTC, ETH, VET, LINK, DOT, XRP, USDT, USD, ATOM, BCH, XLM, ADA, ALGO, AVAX
Can I deposit multiple crypto assets as Collateral for a single loan?
 Mixed Collateral deposits are not currently supported for a single loan. You can only deposit a single crypto asset as Collateral to borrow a loan. However, you can borrow multiple loans, where each loan can be collateralized by a different crypto asset. 
Can I borrow a loan in multiple crypto assets?
 Mixed crypto assets are not currently supported for a single loan. You can only borrow a loan in a single crypto asset. However, you can borrow multiple loans, where each loan can be in a different crypto asset.
What are the loan limits on the Crypto.com Exchange and is there a minimum loan amount?
 The current minimum borrowing amount for each standard loan is 100 USD equivalent at the time of borrowing. Loanable Crypto Assets Minimum Borrowing Amount USDT, USDC, BTC, ETH, XRP, LINK, DOGE, YFI, UNI, DAI, 1INCH, MATIC, FIL, COMP, BAL, SOL, ENJ, CRV, FLOW, LUNC, SHIB, ELON, EGLD, EOS, SUSHI, XTZ 100 USD equivalent Important Note: The USD figures on the Crypto.com Exchange are pegged to USDT at the rate of 1 USD to 1 USDT.  We use the composite index price as described here to validate your loan amount such that the equivalent value has to be at least 100 USD at the time of borrowing.
Is there a maximum borrowing limit?
 The Maximum Borrowing Limit applies per loan. Type of Account Maximum Borrowing Limit Per Loan Retail Users USD 5M Equivalent Institutions USD 5M Equivalent Institutions With Lending Pro USD 5M Equivalent Important Note: The USD figures on the Crypto.com Exchange are pegged to USDT at the rate of 1 USD to 1 USDT  We use the composite index price as described here to monitor the total value of your outstanding loans in USD. This means that the value of an outstanding loan in USD terms may fluctuate along with real-time market movements. Your borrowing capacity will be disabled when your total outstanding loan value exceeds the Maximum Borrowing Limit.
Crypto.com Lending loan terms
 Crypto.com Lending loan terms are 12 months in length, with hourly interest calculation. So the loan term period will be 364 days 23 hours < loan term <= 365 days. You can choose to repay at any time with any amount during the loan term.  For example: If a user takes out a loan at 15:45:00 UTC on 17 December 2020, the expiry time of this loan will be 15:00:00 UTC on 17 December 2021.  Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans Tap Take Out a New Loan to apply for a loan 
To borrow a loan:
 Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans Tap Take Out a New Loan to apply for a loan 
Can I borrow multiple loans?
 You can borrow up to 3 outstanding loans at one time, as long as you fulfill the eligibility requirements. Additional loans are not allowed if: You have margin loan(s) currently under Forced Liquidation; You do not have sufficient collateral to take out a new loan
Can I withdraw crypto assets borrowed under Crypto.com Lending?
 You can withdraw crypto assets borrowed under Crypto.com Lending from your Crypto.com Exchange Wallet to your Crypto.com App account or your whitelisted address.
What is a Slippage notice?
 The effective loan-to-value (LTV) ratio changes according to real-time market movements. If market prices move such that the effective LTV at the time of the loan drawdown deviates significantly from the initial LTV, you will see a slippage notice upon loan confirmation. Slippage notices serve as a protective measure to avoid underestimation or overestimation of the required Collateral deposit.  If the effective LTV has deviated 5% or more from the intended LTV upon loan confirmation, the request to draw down the loan will be rejected and you will receive a slippage notice (example below). You can tap Retry to borrow the latest composite index price.  On the other hand, if the effective LTV deviation is within 5% of the intended LTV upon loan confirmation, you will still be able to draw down the loan based on the terms indicated in the loan confirmation. Once the loan is drawn down, it becomes active and the LTV will be monitored and adjusted under our customary practices discussed here. Interest rates are fixed and based on your initial loan-to-value (LTV) ratio and the amount of your CRO Stake as of the date of the loan drawdown. You can stake 100,000 CRO or more to unlock better interest rates for your future loans.  The interest rates for standard loans are as follows: Initial LTV CRO Stake < 100K CRO Stake ≥ 100K LTV = 25% 2.00% APR 1.00% APR LTV = 33% 6.00% APR 4.00% APR LTV = 50% 8.00% APR 6.00% APR Important Note: The above shows simple interest rates, which means the interest charges only apply to the loan's principal amount, and are not compounded on earlier interest charges. You can repay loans from your Crypto.com Exchange Wallet. Repayments of any amount can be made at any time during the loan term. Your repayments of the outstanding loan principal and interest can only be made in the borrowed crypto asset.  Your repayment will be used to first repay all the outstanding interest followed by the outstanding loan principal.  For Example:  Case 1: Outstanding Interest > Repayment A user has an active loan with the following Outstanding Loan Principal and Interest.  Outstanding Loan Principal = 10,000.000000000 USDT  Outstanding Interest = 15.287672000 USDT  Outstanding Balance = Outstanding Loan Principal + Outstanding Interest = 10,0015.287672000 USDT  The user now decides to make a repayment of 10 USDT which is less than the outstanding interest amount. The repayment will be allocated to pay the interest first and there will be insufficient repayment amount for the outstanding loan principal.  Since the repayment amount is less than the Outstanding Interest, Repayment will be allocated fully to Interest Repayment, = 15.287672000 - 10.000000000 = 5.287672000  Outstanding Interest = 5.287672000  Repayment allocated to Outstanding Loan Principal = 0  Outstanding Loan Principal = 10,000.000000000  Outstanding Balance = Outstanding Loan Principal + Outstanding Interest = 10,000.000000000 + 5.287672000 = 10,005.287672000  Case 2: Outstanding Interest <= Repayment  A user has an active loan with the following Outstanding Loan Principal and Interest.  Outstanding Loan Principal = 10,000.000000000 USDT  Outstanding Interest = 15.287672000 USDT  Outstanding Balance = Outstanding Loan Principal + Outstanding Interest = 10,0015.287672000 USDT  The user now decides to make a repayment of 5000 USDT which is more than the outstanding interest amount. The repayment will be allocated to pay the interest first followed by the repayment of the outstanding loan principal.  Repayment will be allocated fully to Interest Repayment = 5000.000000000 - 15.287672000 = 4,984.712328000  Outstanding Interest = 0  Remaining repayment amount after payment of Outstanding Interest = 4,984.712328000  Repayment allocated to Outstanding Loan Principal = 4,984.712328000  Outstanding Loan Principal after repayment = 10,000.00000000 - 4,984.712328000 = 5,015.287672000  Outstanding Balance = Outstanding Loan Principal + Outstanding Interest = 5,015.287672000 + 0 = 5,015.287672000
Can I make an early repayment?
 You can repay any amount at any time with no early repayment fees. The interest is calculated based on your outstanding loan principal and the number of hours borrowed.  Hourly Interest = (Outstanding Loan Principal) × (Hourly Interest Rate) = (Outstanding Loan Principal) × (APR ÷ 365 ÷ 24) 
To make a repayment:
 Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans Tap Repay Now to make repayment to your outstanding loan  Interest accrues hourly, at the start of a new hour, based on your outstanding loan principal and is not compounded on earlier interest charges. If you repay your loan before the cutoff time on a certain day, a full day’s interest will still be charged for that day. Interest rates are determined by the initial loan-to-value (LTV) ratio of your loan and the amount of your CRO stake in the Crypto.com Exchange as of the date of the loan drawdown.  If the annual percentage rate (APR) is 8%, the hourly interest rate is 0.000913242% (Hourly Interest Rate = APR ÷ 365 ÷ 24 , regardless of the number of hours in any given year).  Hourly Interest = (Outstanding Loan Principal) × (Hourly Interest Rate) = (Outstanding Loan Principal) × (APR ÷ 365 ÷ 24)  For example: If a user takes out a loan of 10,000 USDT with 6% APR at 12:05:00 UTC, the hourly interest rate is 0.000684932% and the outstanding interest will be 0.068493151 USDT at the beginning.  Accrued Interest = 10,000.00000000 USDT × 0.000684932% = 0.068493151 USDT  At 13:00:00 UTC the next hour, another hour of interest will accrue based on the outstanding loan principal. Let’s assume this user has yet to make any repayments to this loan.  Outstanding Loan Principal = 10,000.000000000 USDT  Outstanding Interest = 0.068493151 USDT + (Hourly Interest) = 0.068493151 USDT + (10,000.000000000 USDT × 0.000684932%) = 0.136986351 USDT  You can find the latest interest rates that we charge for Crypto.com Lending here.  You can enjoy discounted interest rates if the amount of your CRO Stake in the Crypto.com Exchange is at least 100,000 CRO. Learn more about CRO staking and its benefits here.
How can I adjust my loan’s LTV?
 You may adjust your loan’s LTV (loan to value) in 3 ways: add collateral, remove collateral or make a repayment. This can all be done by going onto the Crypto.com Exchange Dashboard > Lending > Loans. An active loan’s LTV depends on the outstanding balance of the loan. Please note to keep LTV below 70% for better loan health. Refer to “What Should I Know about My Loan Health?” for more information on how to maintain appropriate loan health.  LTV = (Market Value of Outstanding Balance) ÷ (Market Value of Collateral) where  Outstanding Balance = Outstanding Loan Principal + Outstanding Loan Interest  Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans Tap Adjust Collateral on the active loan you would like to adjust to Fill in the Adjustment Amount or move around the interactive bar to provide an estimated LTV after the adjustment Once you fill in the amount, click Review. Review the Adjustment Confirmation and Terms and Conditions. Once ready, tick that you have read the Lending Terms and Conditions and Confirm the Adjustment. Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans Tap Adjust Collateral on the active loan you would like to adjust to Tap Remove Collateral Note: You can only remove collateral if the current LTV < initial LTV. Fill in the Adjustment Amount or move around the interactive bar to provide an estimated LTV after the adjustment Once you fill in the amount, click Review. Review the Adjustment Confirmation and Terms and Conditions. Once ready, tick that you have read the Lending Terms and Conditions and Confirm the Adjustment.  Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans Tap Repay Now to make repayment to your outstanding loan You can learn more about how repayment works here.
To find your Collateral breakdown:
 Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans On the Loans tab, tap View Collateral Breakdown to land on a modal dialogue Your Collateral Breakdown In Your Collateral Breakdown modal dialogue, you can find your Collateral deposits that are being held by Crypto.com and their total estimated value in USD.  Each of your outstanding loans will have a Loan Heath indicator, which reflects the risk level based on the outstanding loan balance and your deposited Collateral. You should monitor your loans and make repayments accordingly to improve your Loan Health.  Note: The figures in the above screenshot are for illustrative purposes only.  A health score, which is based on your loan’s LTV and the defined thresholds, is provided to help you better manage your loan. Loan's LTV Health Score Restricted Function LTV < 50% GOOD None 50% ≤ LTV < Margin Call LTV FAIR None Margin Call LTV ≤ LTV < Forced Liquidation LTV CRITICAL Borrow For all standard loans, the LTV thresholds are defined as follows and may be subject to change. LTV Threshold Standard Loan Margin Call LTV 70% Forced Liquidation LTV 85%
When Current LTV < Margin Call LTV
 If your loan’s LTV is less than the Margin Call LTV (i.e. 70% for a standard loan), then your loan is healthy (i.e. GOOD, FAIR). 
When Margin Call LTV ≤ Current LTV < Forced Liquidation LTV
 If your loan’s LTV is greater than or equal to the Margin Call LTV (i.e. 70% for a standard loan), but less than the Forced Liquidation LTV (i.e. 85% for a standard loan), then your loan is unhealthy (i.e. CRITICAL). Forced Liquidation is likely to happen if the LTV rises further. A Margin Call will be triggered and you will receive email notifications regarding loan repayment. 
When Current LTV ≥ Forced Liquidation LTV
 Forced Liquidation will occur. If your loan’s LTV is greater than or equal to the Forced Liquidation LTV (i.e. 85% for a standard loan), our system will liquidate the entire corresponding Collateral to make full repayment of your loan. After Forced Liquidation, all remaining liquidation proceeds will be deposited into your Crypto.com Exchange Wallet. Please note that a Liquidation Fee will be applied.  If the liquidation proceeds are insufficient to cover the outstanding loan balance, we may require you to pay back the amount owed from your Wallet. If the amount owed remains unpaid, Crypto.com may terminate the loan Agreement or prevent withdrawals from your Wallet.  If you fail to fully repay your loan before the expiry time, we will fully liquidate your Collateral to clear the outstanding balance. The remaining liquidation proceeds will be returned to your Crypto.com Exchange Wallet.  To avoid Forced Liquidation, please fully repay your outstanding loan balance before the expiry time. Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans Tap Repay Now to make repayment to your outstanding loan  You can learn more about how repayment works here, and find more information about loan terms here. When your loan is on Margin Call, a daily email notification will be sent to remind you to pay down your loan until it is no longer on Margin Call. You can make partial repayments to improve your LTV.  Note: The figures in the above screenshot are for illustrative purposes only. Kindly note that additional Collateral deposits (in order to improve your LTV) are not supported at this time. To avoid Forced Liquidation, please make repayments to adjust your LTV to a healthy level. Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans Tap Repay Now to make repayment to your outstanding loan You can learn more about how repayment works here. When a loan expires or a loan’s LTV has reached the threshold for Forced Liquidation, your entire Collateral will be liquidated to make full repayment. The remaining liquidation proceeds will be returned to your Crypto.com Exchange Wallet.  Kindly note that a Liquidation Fee will be charged on the orders needed to liquidate your Collateral. The fee will be charged at a flat 0.5% taker rate and may be subject to change. To avoid Forced Liquidation, pay your loan on time or make partial repayments to adjust your LTV to a healthy level: Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loans Tap Repay Now to make repayment to your outstanding loan  You can learn more about how repayment works here.
Where can I check my repayment, interest, collateral adjustment, liquidation, and loan history?
 On the Loan History page, you can find a summary of your loans, interest, repayment, collateral adjustment, and liquidation histories.  Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loan History Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Lending > Loan History > Repayment
Frequently Asked Questions about Margin Trading
 Margin trading activities are offered as part of the Exchange. Margin trading allows eligible users to borrow Virtual Assets as part of trading activity, using the eligible assets in that wallet as collateral. The Margin Trading FAQs provide additional details on how users can conduct margin trading on the Exchange. Margin trading activities are subject to the Addendum – Margin Trading Terms and Conditions (“Addendum”) and form part of our Agreement with you.  Please refer to Clause 4 “Risk Disclosure Statement” of the Addendum for a summary of the key risks.  Defined terms have the meaning in the Addendum and Exchange Terms and Conditions unless stated otherwise. You should read these FAQs with the Addendum before undertaking any margin trading activities: What is Margin Trading on Crypto.com Exchange? Getting Started- Margin Trading Guide New Margin Trading User Guide How to Margin Trade How to Repay Outstanding Loans Daily Interest Rates Margin Score and Margin Call Margin Trading Fees and Rates Margin Trading Geo-restrictions
What is Margin Trading?
 Margin trading on the Crypto.com Exchange allows you to buy or sell Virtual Assets in excess of what is in the wallet, by incurring negative balances on the Crypto.com Exchange. Eligible users can use eligible Virtual Assets in the wallet as collateral to open these margin positions.  For example, if you had no ETH in your wallet, and wanted to take a short position, you would be able to sell ETH and incur a negative ETH balance provided you have sufficient collateral to support that position. Conversely, if you wanted to buy ETH/BTC, but had no BTC (or insufficient BTC to complete your order) in your wallet, enabling margin allows you to complete this buy by incurring a negative BTC position(given sufficient collateral at the time of order) 
Supported Coins
 AAVE, ADA, ALGO, APE, API3, ATOM, AUDIO, AVAX, AXS, BAL, BAT, BCH, BTC, CELR, CHZ, COMP, CRO, CRV, CTSI, CVX, DAI, DAR, DOGE, DOT, DYDX, EGLD, ELON, ENJ, ENS, EOS, ETC, ETH, FIL, FLOW, FORTH, FTM, FXS, GAL, GRT, HBAR, HNT, HOT, ICP, ICX, IMX, INJ, KNC, KSM, LINK, LRC, LTC, MANA, MATIC, MOVR, NEAR, NEO, OGN, ONE, OP, QNT, QTUM, REN, REQ, RNDR, RSR, SAND, SHIB, SLP, SNX, SOL, SRM, STX, SUSHI, THETA, TRB, UNI, USDT, USD Bundle, VET, WAVES, WAXP, WBTC, XLM, XRP, XTZ, YFI, YGG, ZIL  Leverage is a very powerful tool because it can amplify your gains, but it is also dangerous because it can amplify your losses to the point where your Virtual Assets can be permanently lost and you could still have a liability to us.  If, for example, the margin is 0.1 BTC but the value of the trading on the basis of that margin is 1 BTC, a 5% move in the market (in either direction) is translated into a 0.05 BTC gain or loss (50% of the value of the margin).
Common Terms on Crypto.com Exchange
 Any amount of Virtual Assets required as collateral for a leveraged position (i.e. any negative balance or derivative position) Leverage is the amount of exposure over required collateral for their position (e.g. 3x leverage can be used to  assume a position 3x larger than the collateral consumed) The amount of immediately available Virtual Assets in that wallet with collateral value that is not already held as margin or otherwise unavailable The cost of borrowing Virtual Assets Traders can hold two positions: A long position is using your Virtual Assets to purchase more in the expectation that the value will rise A short position is using your Virtual Assets to sell in the expectation that the value will drop When your Margin Score drops below the prescribed thresholds set by us, a Margin Call will be triggered via email to your Account’s registered email address. The email will notify you to add more Collateral to your wallet, reduce negative balances or reduce derivative positions. For the maximum amount of time we are prepared to provide you with credit under the loan. See “Margin Trading Term Limit” for further details. If the collateral in your wallet falls below maintenance margin, a portion of or all your positions may be closed See the Addendum for further details regarding Forced Liquidation. The maximum possible amount that Crypto.com could make available under a Margin Trading Facility. This maximum amount is a general ceiling and is not specific to any person. This is distinguished from the specific Margin Credit Limit that Crypto.com may make available to a specific user by reference to the amount of Collateral that the user has provided and other factors (and accordingly will be different for each user). This may be lower than the Maximum Borrowing Limit.
How to get started?
 To enable margin trading, log into your account, and go to Trade > Spot, from the order form, you’ll find an Enable Margin toggle. Switching it on will prompt you to accept the Terms and Conditions if that is not already done. *Note margin trading supports limit and market orders only.    There are two ways you can adjust your order: Edit order quantity, order value, and price (if placing a limit order) by entering the expected amount into the text field. Drag the little white dot over the slider. The transparent section indicates your available funds that can be used directly to make any trade without borrowing. The gradient section in color shows how much you can borrow, in addition to your available funds, to trade based on your account's available margin. For information on how your margin calculation works, please refer to the “Smart Cross Margin Rules ” page.  As you move the white dot along, the informational text below the slider bar will show your borrowing amount over your account’s maximum borrowing limit.  After sending your order details, you’ll get a trade confirmation pop-up containing details of your trade. Click ‘Confirm’ to proceed.    After successfully placing a margin trade, the borrowed amount will be reflected as balance* in your Wallet > Loans tab under the associated virtual asset. To ‘repay’ the borrowed virtual asset, simply click “Deposit” or “Transfer” to move virtual assets from an external wallet or another Crypto.com Exchange account.  
Applicable Coins
 The margin toggle would not be actionable for coins where negative balances are not available.  AAVE, ADA, ALGO, APE, API3, ATOM, AUDIO, AVAX, AXS, BAL, BAT, BCH, BTC, CELR, CHZ, COMP, CRO, CRV, CTSI, CVX, DAI, DAR, DOGE, DOT, DYDX, EGLD, ELON, ENJ, ENS, EOS, ETC, ETH, FIL, FLOW, FORTH, FTM, FXS, GAL, GRT, HBAR, HNT, HOT, ICP, ICX, IMX, INJ, KNC, KSM, LINK, LRC, LTC, MANA, MATIC, MOVR, NEAR, NEO, OGN, ONE, OP, QNT, QTUM, REN, REQ, RNDR, RSR, SAND, SHIB, SLP, SNX, SOL, SRM, STX, SUSHI, THETA, TRB, UNI, USDT, USD Bundle, VET, WAVES, WAXP, WBTC, XLM, XRP, XTZ, YFI, YGG, ZIL  Margin Rates An interest charge will be calculated compound in the native currency referencing the fee schedule detailed in the below FAQ (see “Current Interest Rates”) on an hourly basis: Margin Trading Fees and Rates The above stable coin interest rate will be applied to the USD Bundle balance only for the amount in excess of negative 30,000 for your USD Bundle balance. For any negative balance smaller than 30,000, no interest will be charged for that USD Bundle negative balance. If the daily interest rate is 0.052% per day, the hourly interest rate is 0.00216667% (Hourly Interest = Daily Interest / 24) Interest = Borrowed Virtual Assets *( (1+Hourly Interest Rate) * (Time in Hours) - 1) If a user borrows 1,000 USDT at 12:05 PM, and ‘repays’ at 14:15 PM, the interest owed is 0.06500150835 USDT. Interest = 1,000 * ((1+0.00216667%) * 3 - 1) Interest = 0.06500150835  If you wish to change the max account leverage, click the gadget below the margin toggle. From the pop-up dialogue, select the max account leverage and confirm. However, the leverage applied to the margin trade will be the maximum of the product max leverage and the wallet max leverage.       The final margin rate applied to an instrument is a function of Maximum Account Leverage, Maximum Product Leverage, and Unit Margin Rate. Please refer to the Margin Rules page for further details.  *Crypto.com reserves the right to amend or update these terms at its sole discretion at any time. Please check this website for the latest risk parameters. Interest rates for your Margin positions(all negative balances) are calculated on an hourly basis at the bottom of the hour. If you have borrowed for less than 1 hour, the interest rate will still be calculated as if Virtual Assets are borrowed for 1 hour.  If the daily interest rate is 0.052% per day, the hourly interest rate is 0.00216667% (Hourly Interest = Daily Interest / 24) Interest = Borrowed Virtual Assets * (Hourly Interest Rate) * (Time in Hours)  For example: If a user borrows 1,000 USDT at 12:05 PM and repays at 14:15 PM, the interest owed is 0.06501 USDT. Interest = 1,000 * 0.00216667% * 3 Interest = 0.06501  You can find a schedule of the latest interest rates that we charge for each type of Virtual Asset here.  You may also enjoy discounts on the interest rate charged based on the amount of CRO that you have staked on the Exchange. You may learn more about CRO staking and its benefits here.  Trading Fees will use the existing Spot Trading schedule. Please refer to the trading fees and tiers schedule listed here.  A liquidation Fee will be charged on the orders needed to liquidate a position. The fee is a flat 0.5%, but it may be subject to change. Fees will be charged in the trade’s native Virtual Asset. 
Virtual Assets and Maximum Short Sell Limit
 Refer to the table below for the supported Virtual Assets which can be used for Margin Trading. The limits are by wallet and represent the maximum qty short sellable in that currency. Virtual Asset Max Short Limit USD_Stable_Coin 2000000 USDT 2000000 DAI 2000000 BTC 75 ETH 1000 CRO 7000000 AAVE 20000 ADA 4000000 ALGO 6000000 APE 400000 API3 1000000 ATOM 200000 AUDIO 6000000 AVAX 90000 AXS 100000 BAL 300000 BAT 5000000 BCH 10000 CELR 100000000 CHZ 20000000 COMP 40000 CRV 2000000 CTSI 10000000 CVX 300000 DAR 6000000 DOGE 30000000 DOT 200000 DYDX 1000000 EGLD 30000 ELON 2E+11 ENJ 3000000 ENS 200000 EOS 2000000 ETC 80000 FIL 300000 FLOW 1000000 FORTH 500000 FTM 6000000 FXS 300000 GAL 200000 GRT 20000000 HBAR 30000000 HNT 200000 HOT 900000000 ICP 300000 ICX 6000000 IMX 2000000 INJ 1000000 KNC 1000000 KSM 30000 LINK 300000 LRC 5000000 LTC 40000 MANA 2000000 MATIC 3000000 MOVR 100000 NEAR 500000 NEO 200000 OGN 9000000 ONE 70000000 OP 2000000 QNT 20000 QTUM 600000 REN 10000000 REQ 20000000 RNDR 3000000 RSR 300000000 SAND 2000000 SHIB 2E+11 SLP 100000000 SNX 700000 SOL 50000 SRM 2000000 STX 5000000 SUSHI 2000000 THETA 2000000 TRB 100000 UNI 300000 VET 70000000 WAVES 300000 WAXP 10000000 WBTC 75 XLM 20000000 XRP 6000000 XTZ 1000000 YFI 300 YGG 3000000 ZIL 50000000
Current Interest Rates
 Refer to the table below for the interest rates for Virtual Assets with negative balances: Amount of CRO Stake Daily Interest Rate / APR Daily Interest Rate / APR Daily Interest Rate / APR  BTC, ETH USD Bundle, USDT, DAI CRO, AAVE, ADA, ALGO, APE, API3, ATOM, AUDIO, AVAX, AXS, BAL, BAT, BCH, CELR, CHZ, COMP, CRV, CTSI, CVX, DAR, DOGE, DOT, DYDX, EGLD, ELON, ENJ, ENS, EOS, ETC, FIL, FLOW, FORTH, FTM, FXS, GAL, GRT, HBAR, HNT, HOT, ICP, ICX, IMX, INJ, KNC, KSM, LINK, LRC, LTC, MANA, MATIC, MOVR, NEAR, NEO, OGN, ONE, OP, QNT, QTUM, REN, REQ, RNDR, RSR, SAND, SHIB, SLP, SNX, SOL, SRM, STX, SUSHI, THETA, TRB, UNI, VET, WAVES, WAXP, WBTC, XLM, XRP, XTZ, YFI, YGG, ZIL None 0.06% / 21.9% 0.06% / 21.9% 0.08% / 29.2% 5,000 0.054% / 19.7% 0.055% / 20.1% 0.075% / 27.4% 10,000 0.051% / 18.6% 0.052% / 19.0% 0.07% / 25.6% 50,000 0.043% / 15.7% 0.045% / 16.4% 0.06% / 21.9% 100,000 0.036% / 13.1% 0.039% / 14.2% 0.05% / 18.3% 500,000 0.029% / 10.6% 0.034% / 12.4% 0.04% / 14.6% 1,000,000 0.022% / 8.0% 0.029% / 10.6% 0.03% / 11.0% 5,000,000 0.015% / 5.5% 0.024% / 8.8% 0.02% / 7.3% 50,000,000 0.008% / 2.9% 0.02% / 7.3% 0.01% / 3.7%  All former margin wallets have been migrated into the new GEN 3.0 exchange as sub-accounts. These sub-accounts can only be used to house the legacy margin borrowing positions, any supporting collateral, and trading. These migrated margin borrowing positions will continue to be margined under the legacy rules.  Note that no new borrowing or any increase in borrowing position is allowed in these legacy wallets.  To enjoy Margin Trading in the new GEN 3.0 exchange, please refer to this guide. The migrated former margin wallet will be referred to as “Margin Wallet” for the sake of this tutorial.  To view your margin score in, navigate to the former margin wallet. On the right side of the screen, you will see your account’s Margin Score, which indicates your risk level based on the Virtual Assets borrowed and interest owing, and the Virtual Assets that you hold as Collateral in your Margin Wallet.   Your Margin Score changes according to the market movements, so if the prices move against your prediction significantly enough, a Margin Call may occur, and your Virtual Assets may be liquidated.  The formula to calculate your Margin Score is: Margin Score = Total Margin Wallet Balance ÷ (Total Borrowed + Total Outstanding Interest)  Account Margin Score Threshold Account Margin Score Threshold Account Margin Score Threshold Action that will be performed by the Crypto.com Exchange Restricted Functions  3X 5X 10X   1 Margin Score > 2.0 Margin Score > 2.0 Margin Score > 2.0 No action performed None 2 1.5 < Margin Score ≤ 2.0 1.25 < Margin Score ≤ 2.0 1.12 < Margin Score ≤ 2.0 No action performed Transfer Out 3 1.3 < Margin Score ≤ 1.5 1.15 < Margin Score ≤ 1.25 1.1 < Margin Score ≤ 1.12 No action performed Transfer Out Borrow 4 1.1 < Margin Score ≤ 1.3 1.05 < Margin Score ≤ 1.15 1.05 < Margin Score ≤ 1.1 Margin Call will be triggered via an email to your Account’s registered email address. The email will notify you to add more Collateral to your Margin Wallet or to repay outstanding loans. Transfer Out Borrow 5 Margin Score ≤ 1.1 Margin Score ≤ 1.05 Margin Score ≤ 1.05 Forced Liquidation of all Virtual Assets in your Margin Wallet to repay all borrowed Virtual Assets and interest. Any remaining Virtual Assets after paying the Liquidation Fee will be available in the Margin Wallet. Trade Transfer Out Transfer In Borrow Repay 1 - Margin Score > 2.0 No capabilities are restricted. You can borrow, repay, trade, and transfer in or out your Virtual Assets in your Margin Wallet.  2 - 1.50 < Margin Score ≤ 2.00 (3X) / 1.25 < Margin Score ≤ 2.0 (5X) / 1.12 < Margin Score ≤ 2.0 (10X)  Your transferring out (i.e. withdrawal) capability is disabled. At this point, you can still borrow, repay, trade, and transfer more Virtual Assets to your Margin Wallet. 3 - 1.30 < Margin Score ≤ 1.50 (3X) / 1.15 < Margin Score ≤ 1.25 (5X) / 1.1 < Margin Score ≤ 1.12 (10X) Your borrowing and transferring out (i.e. withdrawal) capabilities are disabled. At this point, you can still repay, trade, and transfer more Virtual Assets to your Margin Wallet.  4 - 1.10 < Margin Score ≤ 1.30 (3X) / 1.05 < Margin Score ≤ 1.15 (5X) / 1.05 < Margin Score ≤ 1.1 (10X) If your Margin Score is greater than 1.10 (3X) / 1.05 (5X/10X), but less than or equal to 1.30 (3X) / 1.15 (5X) / 1.1 (10X), your Margin Wallet is likely to be liquidated if it drops any further. A Margin Call will be triggered via email to your Account’s registered email address to add more Collateral to your Margin Wallet or to repay outstanding loans. At this point you can still repay, trade, borrow, and transfer in more Virtual Assets to your Margin Wallet.  5 - Margin Score ≤ 1.10 (3X) / Margin Score ≤ 1.05 (5X) / Margin Score ≤ 1.05 (10X) Forced Liquidation will occur. If your Margin Score is less than or equal to 1.10 (3X) / 1.05 (5X/10X), our system will liquidate all Virtual Assets available in the Margin Wallet to pay back the outstanding loan principal and interest. If the value of your Margin Wallet is insufficient, we may require you to pay back the amount owing from your Spot Wallet. We may terminate open Orders, open positions, the Margin Trading Facility or the Agreement.  Please note that all Virtual Assets will be liquidated. The loan will be repaid through the proceeds that we have obtained as a result of the liquidation. After the liquidation is complete, subject to the liquidation fee, all remaining proceeds will become available in your Margin Wallet.  A liquidation Fee will be charged on the orders needed to liquidate a position. The fee is a flat 0.16% taker rate. Fees will be charged in the trade’s native Virtual Asset. An overall weighted margin score is for validating new position openings. A weight will be applied to the respective coin collateral for the calculations of the overall weighted margin score. A lower weight leads to a lower weighted margin score, meaning higher collateral may be needed to place a new open order. This weight will not impact margin call and liquidation.  Weighted Margin Score = [(Coin A Qty x Price x Coin A Weight) + (Coin B Qty x Price x Weight) + … + (New Ordering Coin Qty x Price x Weight)] ÷ (Total Borrowed + Total Outstanding Interest) Virtual Assets Weight    3X 5X 10X BTC 1 0.95 0.99 USDT 1 1 1 CRO 1 0.9 0.988 ETH 1 1 1 ADA 1 0.9 0.988 VET 1 0.9 0.988 USDC 1 0.9 0.988 DOGE 1 0.9 0.988 DOT 1 0.9 0.988 UNI 1 0.9 0.988 LINK 1 0.9 0.988 ENJ 1 0.9 0.988 YFI 1 0.85 0.987 1INCH 1 0.9 0.988 KSM 1 0.9 0.988 ALGO 1 0.9 0.988 LTC 1 0.9 0.988 MATIC 1 0.9 0.988 XRP 1 0.9 0.988 XLM 1 0.9 0.988 EGLD 1 0.9 0.988 SHIB 1 0.85 0.987 CHZ 1 0.9 0.988 PAXG 1 0.9 0.988 RLY 1 0.8 0.986 AXS 1 0.85 0.987 SLP 1 0.8 0.986 BOSON 1 0.8 0.986 LUNA 1 0.85 0.987 BCH 1 0.9 0.988 SUSHI 1 0.8 0.986 THETA 1 0.85 0.987 ATOM 1 0.85 0.987 AMP 1 0.8 0.986 SOL 1 0.85 0.987 FIL 1 0.8 0.986 SAND 1 0.8 0.986 IQ 1 0.8 0.986 AAVE 1 0.8 0.986 EOS 1 0.8 0.986 HOT 1 0.8 0.986 EFI 1 0.8 0.986 CELR 1 0.8 0.986 YGG 1 0.8 0.986 COMP 1 0.8 0.986 AVAX 1 0.8 0.986 ETC 1 0.8 0.986 NEAR 1 0.8 0.986 RUNE 1 0.8 0.986 ALICE 1 0.8 0.986 QNT 1 0.8 0.986 POLY 1 0.8 0.986 AGLD 1 0.8 0.986 DYDX 1 0.8 0.986 FTM 1 0.8 0.986 PLA 1 0.8 0.986 CRV 1 0.8 0.986 HNT 1 0.8 0.986 FLOW 1 0.8 0.986 DERC 1 0.8 0.986 NEO 1 0.8 0.986 ONE 1 0.8 0.986 LRC 1 0.8 0.986 MANA 1 0.8 0.986 TRB 1 0.8 0.986 ANKR 1 0.8 0.986 BAND 1 0.8 0.986 PENDLE 1 0.8 0.986 XTZ 1 0.8 0.986 CHR 1 0.8 0.986 OMG 1 0.8 0.986 ICP 1 0.8 0.986 CKB 1 0.8 0.986 GALA 1 0.8 0.986 XYO 1 0.8 0.986 ILV 1 0.8 0.986 EPS 1 0.8 0.986 KAVA 1 0.8 0.986 IOTX 1 0.8 0.986 MIR 1 0.8 0.986 QI 1 0.8 0.986 RNDR 1 0.8 0.986 DAR 1 0.8 0.986 GRT 1 0.8 0.986 ELON 1 0.8 0.986 BAT 1 0.8 0.986 BICO 1 0.8 0.986 REQ 1 0.8 0.986 WAXP 1 0.8 0.986 JASMY 1 0.8 0.986 MOVR 1 0.8 0.986 RADAR 1 0.8 0.986 KNC 1 0.8 0.986 VTHO 1 0.8 0.986 CVX 1 0.8 0.986 INJ 1 0.8 0.986 ICX 1 0.8 0.986 HBAR 1 0.8 0.986 QTUM 1 0.8 0.986 WAVES 1 0.8 0.986 TONIC 1 0.8 0.986 IMX 1 0.8 0.986 ZIL 1 0.8 0.986 APE 1 0.8 0.986 ACA 1 0.8 0.986 MC 1 0.8 0.986 FITFI 1 0.8 0.986 FXS 1 0.8 0.986 STX 1 0.8 0.986 AUDIO 1 0.8 0.986 OGN 1 0.8 0.986 VOXEL 1 0.8 0.986 PYR 1 0.8 0.986 MULTI 1 0.8 0.986 COTI 1 0.8 0.986 ENS 1 0.8 0.986 SKL 1 0.8 0.986 ALI 1 0.8 0.986 CQT 1 0.8 0.986 GLMR 1 0.8 0.986 FORTH 1 0.8 0.986 SNX 1 0.8 0.986 MKR 1 0.8 0.986 KLAY 1 0.8 0.986 BOND 1 0.8 0.986 GAL 1 0.8 0.986 UNFI 1 0.8 0.986 RSR 1 0.8 0.986 SPELL 1 0.8 0.986 AR 1 0.8 0.986 RARE 1 0.8 0.986 OXT 1 0.8 0.986 C98 1 0.8 0.986 PERP 1 0.8 0.986 LOKA 1 0.8 0.986 STRAX 1 0.8 0.986 OP 1 0.8 0.986 CSPR 1 0.8 0.986 WEMIX 1 0.8 0.986 RAY 1 0.8 0.986 AURORA 1 0.8 0.986 SRM 1 0.8 0.986 FLUX 1 0.8 0.986 UMA 1 0.8 0.986 NMR 1 0.8 0.986 REN 1 0.8 0.986 API3 1 0.8 0.986 MBL 1 0.8 0.986 RAD 1 0.8 0.986 QUICK 1 0.8 0.986 LDO 1 0.8 0.986 POND 1 0.8 0.986 ACH 1 0.8 0.986 CHESS 1 0.8 0.986 METIS 1 0.8 0.986 MASK 1 0.8 0.986 OCEAN 1 0.8 0.986 STORJ 1 0.8 0.986 The following locations are restricted from participating in Margin Trading: Country Country Code Afghanistan AF / AFG American Samoa AS / ASM Australia AU / AUS Austria AT / AUT Bangladesh BD / BGD Belgium BE / BEL Bolivia BO / BOL Brazil BR / BRA Bulgaria BG / BGR Burundi BI / BDI Canada CA / CAN Carribean Netherlands BQ / BES Central Africa Republic CF / CAF Congo, Dem. Rep. CD / COD Croatia HR / HRV Cuba CU / CUB Cyprus CY / CYP Czech Republic CZ / CZE Denmark DK / DNK Ecuador EC / ECU Eritrea ER / ERI Estonia EE / EST Finland FI / FIN France FR / FRA French Guiana GF / GUF French Polynesia PF / PYF Germany DE / DEU Greece GR / GRC Guam GU /GUM Guinea GN / GIN Guinea-Bissau GW / GNB Hong Kong HK / HKG Hungary HU / HUN Iceland IS / ISL Iran IR / IRN Iraq IQ / IRQ Ireland IE / IRL Italy IT / ITA Japan JP / JPN Kyrgyzstan KG / KGZ Latvia LV / LVA Lebanon LB / LBN Libya LY / LBY Liechtenstein LI / LIE Lithuania LT / LTU Luxembourg LU / LUX Mali ML / MLI Malta MT / MLT Martinique MQ / MTQ Minor Outlying Islands UMI Myanmar MM / MMR Namibia NA / NAM Nepal NP / NPL Netherlands NL / NLD New Caledonia NC / NCL North Korea KP / PRK Northern Mariana Islands MP / MNP Norway NO / NOR People’s Republic of China CN / CHN Poland PL / POL Portugal PT / PRT Puerto Rico PR / PRI Reunion RE / REU Romania RO / ROU Saint Martin MF / MAF Singapore SG / SGP Slovakia SK / SVK Slovenia SI / SVN Somalia SO / SOM South Africa ZA / ZAF South Sudan SS/SSD Spain ES / ESP St Pierre & Miquelon PM / SPM Sudan SD / SDN Sweden SE / SWE Switzerland CH / CHE Syria SY / SYR Ukraine - Crimea Region  Ukraine - Donetsk Region  Ukraine - Luhansk/Lugansk Region  United Kingdom GB / GBR United States US / USA US Virgin Islands VI / VIR Vatican City VA/VAT Venezuela VE / VEN Yemen YE / YEM Zimbabwe ZW / ZWE No referral limits - You can refer as many friends as you want; you and your friends will each be rewarded upon meeting the requirements. Bonus credited instantly - Referrer and Referee* will receive their bonuses immediately once all conditions are met. *Referee's requirements and information can be found here 
How do I refer others to the Crypto.com Exchange?
 Go to the Referral page, once you've logged on to your Crypto.com Exchange account Copy your referral code or referral link and share it with your referral(s)    Note: This Referral Code can be the same as your BG25 referral program for the Crypto.com App, but the Referral Link is different.  Referral Program is NOT cross-platform: As a Crypto.com App-only user, your referral code will not be valid for Crypto.com Exchange sign-ups and vice versa. i.e. referrer must have an account on the same platform as his/her referrals 
What do I receive for successfully referring new users to the Crypto.com Exchange?
 You will be credited with a referral bonus and 12 months of trading commission when a referee signs up to the Crypto.com Exchange with your referral code/link and completed both of the following: Successfully verified KYC at the Advanced level Completed their first CRO stake* on the Crypto.com Exchange The referrer's bonus, credited in CRO, is based on the referee’s first CRO staked amount*. Referral bonus - CRO (USD equivalent) Referee's First CRO Stake $10 Staked 1 000 CRO $50 Staked 5 000 CRO $100 Staked 10 000 CRO $200 Staked 50 000 CRO $400 Staked 100 000 CRO $800 Staked 500 000 CRO $1 000 Staked 1 000 000 CRO $2 000 Staked 5 000 000 CRO *First CRO Stake is the amount of CRO first staked by the referee *CRO received as bonus does not count towards this staking requirement.  Bonuses not included in First CRO Stake Deposit bonus CRO In addition to the referral bonus, you are eligible for 12 months of trade commission. Referrer’s trading fee commission Calculated as 50% of the referee’s NET trading fees for 12 months (starting from referee's registration date) NET trading fees (after all staking and trading volume discounts are applied) Paid once daily to referrer’s CRO Wallet, covering all of the referrer's referrals.
How to qualify for the referral bonus or trade commission?
 Referrers can share their referral link and/or referral code without having any conditions met. However they will not receive the referral bonus and trading fee commission until the following criteria are both met.  Successfully verified KYC at the Advanced level Staked at least 1000 CRO on the Crypto.com Exchange During this period, the referral bonus from his/her referee(s) is ‘on hold’. Referrer will not be eligible for the trading fee commission either.  Once the referrer has met both of the program conditions above, all referral bonus ( previously ‘on hold’) will be credited to him/her but the trading fees paid by the referee prior will not be retroactively applied.
Crypto.com Exchange Sign-Up Bonus
 When signing up to Crypto.com Exchange with a referral link or referral ID, you are eligible for up to US$50 worth of CRO of sign-up bonus based on the following conditions:  Staked at least 1000 CRO on the Crypto.com Exchange* Sign-up Bonus Requirements USD worth of CRO Referee's First CRO Stake* $10 Staked 1,000-4,999 CRO* $50 Staked 5,000+ CRO** *Only your First CRO Stake amount is used to calculate the sign-up bonus you receive **CRO received as bonus does not count towards this staking requirement.  Deposit bonus CRO  More information on the Crypto.com Exchange Referral Program can be found here 
How to add my referral code?
 Sign up for a Crypto.com Exchange account by entering the referral code as follows.  Go to https://auth.crypto.com/users/sign_up Click on “Continue as Crypto.com App user” Confirm your registered Crypto.com App Email and click “Submit” Check your registered email inbox for a confirmation link Open link to confirm your details including a textbox for Referral ID When signing up to the Crypto.com Exchange, there is a “Referral ID” textbox below the Password Enter a valid Referral ID here.
What if I was referred by an Exchange user but forgot to add a referral ID when signing up?
 You have 10 days from the day your account was created to add a referral ID. Log in to Crypto.com Exchange Go to the “Referral” page 3. Besides the “Referral Program”, click on “Enter a referral code here >”  4. From the pop-up, enter the referral code and click on “Submit” 
Can I use a different referral code than the one I've used when registering for the Crypto.com App and vice versa?
 Yes, the platforms are separate and you may use a unique referral code on each.  Note: Referral Program is NOT cross-platform: As a Crypto.com App only user, your referral code will not be valid for Crypto.com Exchange sign-ups and vice versa. i.e. referrer must have an account on the same platform as his/her referrals
Affiliate Programme Sign-up Bonus
 When signing up to the Crypto.com Exchange with an affiliate link or code, new users are eligible to enjoy a 10% rebate on trading fees for 12 months. Here’s how to redeem your sign-up bonus when creating a Crypto.com Exchange account:  Visit https://auth.crypto.com/users/sign_up Click Continue as Crypto.com App user Confirm your Crypto.com App-registered email address and click Submit Check your email for a confirmation link Open the link to verify your details and ensure that you have entered a valid referral ID Visit https://auth.crypto.com/users/sign_up Input your details. Under Referral ID, enter a valid affiliate code and click Apply A banner will then be displayed, indicating that the affiliate code has been successfully applied, along with your sign-up bonus Important: If you do not see this banner being displayed, it means that the affiliate code you have entered is no longer valid. The sign-up bonus will not be applied as well. 
How do I view my trading fee rebate details?
 Log in to your Crypto.com Exchange account and visit https://crypto.com/exchange/user/referral/rewards Under the Events & Rewards tab, navigate to the Referrals > Affiliate Trading Rebate menu. Here, you can see your 10% trading fee rebate payout details. 
Can I sign up with an affiliate code if I have an existing Crypto.com Exchange account?
 Existing Crypto.com Exchange users who enter a valid affiliate code within 10 days after account registration will receive a 10% trading fee rebate for 12 months.
What is Crypto.com Soft Staking?
 Crypto.com Soft Staking is another way to earn rewards simply by holding a balance in your Crypto.com Exchange wallet.  Note: The Exchange wallet is different from your App wallet. For free and instant transfer of funds from your App to your Exchange wallet, please follow these steps. How to deposit cryptocurrency to my Crypto.com Exchange wallet (Crypto.com App Wallet Address). 
How is this different from staking CRO?
 “CRO Staking” is different as it requires you to stake a minimum of 1,000 CRO for 180 days on Crypto.com Exchange. CRO Staking is rewarded with its own range of benefits: tier-based APR of up to 8%, trading fee benefits (zero maker fees and maker fee rebates from staking more than 50,000 CRO) & Syndicate access. Staked CRO can not be withdrawn until the committed 6 months duration is complete.  Crypto.com Soft Staking rewards Exchange users with available tokens including BTC, ETH, MATIC, and ATOM. It offers more flexibility by rewarding you based on your daily Exchange wallet balances with no commitment period required, while extra rewards apply to those who are actively CRO staking. 
Who can participate in Crypto.com Soft Staking?
 Users of the Exchange can use this feature except for citizens and residents of Hong Kong SAR, Switzerland, and Malta.  For more information about our Account Verification, please see Account Verification- Levels. 
What are Exclusive Soft Staking Rewards?
 Exclusive Soft Staking Rewards are another form of soft staking, where selected tokens would have: Increased APR Unlimited staking balance for users (users can gain interest on more than the current limit) No minimum threshold for soft staking This is offered to our VIP users and Market Making participants. 
How do I participate in Crypto.com Soft Staking?
 In order for you to receive daily interest paid out, you will need to opt in. Note: “Enable Soft Staking” applies to both exclusive soft staking rewards and earn rewards for our Institutional and VIP users. Log in to your Exchange account. Navigate to the Stake & Earn page, and select Soft Staking. To opt-in, switch the toggle on. Acknowledge the T&Cs by checking the checkbox, then agree to proceed. That’s it! Make sure your balance in your Exchange account is greater than or equal to the required minimum holdings, and start to see your funds accumulate!
How do I opt out of Crypto.com Staking?
 If you opt out, you will not receive interest effective immediately. Log in to your Exchange account. Navigate to the Stake & Earn page and select Soft Staking. To opt out, turn off the toggle. A pop-up will appear - in order to opt out, select “Confirm to cancel”. You have been opted-out.
How is Crypto.com Soft Staking calculated?
 We will calculate daily rewards according to the snapshots of the currency held by users at 22:00:00 UTC each day.  The snapshot will include your funds under Available and In Order. This means funds that in order due to trade and subscribe to Syndicate sales will also be counted - trade away!  Daily interest will be calculated with the below formula: Daily Interest = Balance x (APR/365) 
When will I receive my daily interest?
 It will be distributed to your token’s balance within an hour after 00:00:00 UTC if you have opted in and your balance is greater than or equal to the minimum threshold. 
Where can I see my earnings from both CRO Staking and Soft Staking?
 You can view your daily earnings in the Stake & Earn section under Earnings History. 
Here are key components of Crypto.com Soft Staking:
 Minimum holdings to be eligible for interest calculation and payout; if your daily minimum balance is lower than the minimum requirement, no interest will be calculated for that day Different interest rates are based on how much CRO you've staked on the Exchange (6-month commitment period). Please refer here: Asset Minimum Holdings Interest Rates Interest Rates   <100,000 CRO Staked > 100,000 CRO Staked BTC 0.02 0.25% 0.75% ETH 0.3 1.00% 2.00% USDT 200 2.00% 4.00% USD* 200 2.00% 4.00% XRP 800 0.50% 1.00% LTC 4.5 0.50% 1.00% EOS 80 0.50% 1.00% XLM 2,750 0.50% 1.00% ATOM 30 2.00% 4.00% CRO 1,350 2.00% 2.00% LINK 22 0.50% 1.00% XTZ 95 0.50% 1.00% BCH 1 0.50% 1.00% VET 18,000 0.50% 1.00% ICX 530 0.50% 1.00% ADA 520 1.00% 2.00% ENJ 1,350 0.50% 1.00% ALGO 650 0.50% 1.00% KNC 215 0.50% 1.00% NEO 12 0.50% 1.00% DAI 200 2.00% 4.00% PAXG 0.1 0.50% 1.00% BAT 950 0.50% 1.00% COMP 1.8 0.50% 1.00% OMG 60 0.50% 1.00% MKR 0.4 0.50% 1.00% BAND 36 0.50% 1.00% EGLD 26 0.50% 1.00% DOT 25 2.00% 4.00% MATIC 550 2.00% 4.00% ONE 3500 1.00% 2.00% SOL 5 1.00% 2.00% * Crypto.com Exchange USD Bundle Maximum limit; Only the first $10,000 USD or $100,000 USD equivalent in token balance will be used to calculate your daily interest. Excess balance will not be rewarded with interest. Max Limit Max Limit Max Limit CRO Staked Tiers <100,000 CROs staked ≥100,000 CROs staked Amount per token First USD $10,000 worth First USD $100,000 worth For different interest rates on Exclusive Soft Staking rewards, refer to this table: Asset Exclusive Interest Rewards ADA 3% ETH 2.5% DOT 8% MATIC 6% ONE 4% SOL 3% ATOM 8% Note: The Crypto.com Soft Staking is not a derivative product. Interest that you receive through Crypto.com Soft Staking is not linked or affected by any external factors, such as the price/exchange rates of other crypto assets.
What is Supercharger?
 The supercharger is a simple, flexible, and secure rewards platform that allows users to stake tokens (with the option to withdraw at any time) in order to earn the most popular cryptos on the Crypto.com Exchange and Crypto.com App.  Crypto.com App users outside of Hong Kong SAR, Mainland China, and the USA.  Any verified Crypto.com Exchange user (Level: Starter or Advanced) is eligible to participate in Supercharger events. 
How do I participate?
 Login to the Crypto.com Exchange Navigate to the Supercharger page Select an active Supercharger event Stake* to the pool by clicking Charge Now Accept the Reward amount allocated to you Wait for rewards to be distributed *Multiple stakes are allowed per user.  Launch the Crypto.com App Look for the Supercharger banner in the home screen or the Super App menu Enter the latest Supercharger event by tapping Learn More Select Charge Now Select a supported cryptocurrency from your Crypto Wallet and enter the amount that you’d like to stake Once the Supercharger’s charging period is over, accept the reward amount allocated to you Wait for rewards to be distributed on the Crypto.com Exchange or your App Wallet, depending on what you have selected
How does it work?
 When a Supercharger event is in the “Charging Period”, users can stake and withdraw tokens from the rewards pool as often as they wish. Next, in the Acceptance Period, users must accept their rewards based on the rewards score they accumulated during the Charging Period. Finally, users receive daily rewards during the Reward Period.  Duration: 7 to 45 days, depending on the event Minimum Stake: 100 CRO per stake Stake & Withdrawal limits: Unlimited Stake from: Crypto.com Exchange wallet, Crypto.com App Crypto Wallet Acceptance Period*: Immediately after the Charging period ends, we will determine your rewards score and reward tokens. Once this is confirmed, you have the option to accept it anytime during the Reward period.  *App users can accept their allocation in the Crypto.com App  Users can withdraw their crypto from the rewards pool at any time after the distribution.  Duration: 7 to 45 days, depending on the event Total Reward amount: Pro-rata based on users' share of the total rewards pool Reward distribution frequency: Daily Reward amount daily: Total reward divided by reward period duration Distributed to: Crypto.com App or Crypto.com Exchange Wallet, whichever platform you staked to* 
Calculating your Rewards Score & Rewards
 Note: If your CRO balance is below a minimum amount, you will not be eligible to receive a reward. This minimum amount may be different for each event and is determined by factors including the amount of CRO you have staked for the event, the staking duration, duration of the event, and size of the pool.  Note: The formulas below are based on these hourly snapshots. Snapshots of the rewards pool cannot be manually calculated by users, since this is captured every hour of every day of the event. Rewards score = A / B A: User’s total stake across the event duration B: Total pool size across the event duration  For example, during a 30 day event, a user stakes 100 CRO from day 1 to day 10 for 24 hours per day. They withdraw their 100 CRO, therefore providing 0 CRO from day 11 to day 20. They then stake 200 CRO for 10 hours per day from day 21 to day 30. The user’s average stake across the event duration = (100 CRO*10 days*24 hours)+(0 CRO*10 days*24 hours)+(200 CRO*10 days*10 hours) = 44,000 Note: Users would not be able to calculate the total pool size on their own as this is based on hourly snapshots of the Supercharger pool size, which is constantly changing. The example below uses a static pool size for illustrative purposes. Assuming the pool size is 4,400,000 CRO every hour of every day during the 30-day event: Total pool size across the event duration = 4,400,000 CRO*30 days*24 hours = 3,168,000,000 Rewards score = 44,000 / 3,168,000,000 = 0.0014% Calculating rewards: If total reward pool is 10,000,000 LUNA → 0.0014%*10,000,000 = 138.89 LUNA coins awarded to the user To accept your reward, log in to your Crypto.com App or Exchange account and go to the Supercharger page. Your total reward will be divided and distributed to you daily during the Reward Period.  If you fail to accept your reward allocation before the Reward Period begins, you will lose the portion of the reward that was scheduled to be distributed to you during the start of the Reward Period. If this happens, you are still entitled to the remaining portion of your reward, as long as you log in to the Crypto.com App or Exchange and accept your allocation during the Reward Period. 
How to withdraw from a Supercharger event?
 You can withdraw your contribution (partially or fully) at any time from the Supercharger pool. Login to Crypto.com App or Crypto.com Exchange Navigate to the Supercharger event from your accounts tab (Crypto.com App) or dashboard (Crypto.com Exchange) Click on the “-” sign to withdraw your contribution. If the CRO is not withdrawn within the given timeframe, it will be automatically placed for the next event. 
Supercharger Booster Bonus
 Users will be randomly chosen to receive a booster bonus that multiplies their Supercharger rewards.  The number of winners and the multiplier to be applied may vary depending on the event. In addition to enjoying a rewards multiplier, winners will receive a commemorative NFT. Booster Bonus distribution: 10% of the winners’ bonus rewards will be distributed daily during the Reward Period. The remaining 90% will be distributed within seven days after the end of the Reward Period. Booster NFT: The NFT will be airdropped to the winners’ Crypto.com NFT accounts within seven days after the end of the Charging Period.
What is 24-Hour Withdrawal Lock?
 It is a feature that adds an additional layer of security to safeguard your funds. It protects your account by disabling withdrawals for 24 hours to addresses that have been newly-whitelisted. 
How do I disable 24-Hour Withdrawal Lock?
 1. Go to the Crypto.com Exchange and log in to your account 2. Head to the Dashboard and click Settings 3. Under the Security tab, select Withdrawal Whitelist 4. In this menu, you can toggle on/off 24-Hour Withdrawal Lock 5. After you toggle it off, there will be a pop-up message to verify your change 6. Input your SMS OTP and the 2FA code generated by your authenticator app 7. Click Yes, I am sure to confirm your decision  Important: The change will take effect in 24 hours. 8. You will receive a notification when the change takes effect. To review your full list of security changes, head to the Account Activity tab in the Settings menu and click Security Settings History. 
How do I enable 24-Hour Withdrawal Lock?
 We recommend that you have this feature enabled at all times to better safeguard your funds. To do so, you will need to:  1. Go to the Crypto.com Exchange and log in to your account 2. Head to the Dashboard and click Settings 3. Under the Security tab, select Withdrawal Whitelist 4. In this menu, you can toggle on/off 24-Hour Withdrawal Lock 5. After you toggle it on, there will be a pop-up message to verify your change 6. Click Enable to confirm your decision 7. You will receive a notification when the change takes effect. To review your full list of security changes, head to the Account Activity tab in the Settings menu and click Security Settings History. The following steps outline the Password Reset Procedure.  Please note to avoid any unexpected issues or delays, your withdrawals may be disabled for 24 hours after the successful 2FA Reset. 
Reset Password (Exchange Web):
 Go to the Crypto.com Exchange and log in to your account Head to the Dashboard and click Settings Under the Security tab, select Account Password & 2FA  You will receive a reminder prompt to note the password updates will also be applied to sub-accounts that use master account credentials. Click Continue. Enter the following information: Current Password New Password (ensure it meets the security requirements) 2FA Code Once completed, your new password will be completed and recorded into your account security history. You will also be logged out from other platforms.
Reset Password (Exchange App):
 Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Home> Settings > Security Under General , tap “Change Password”  Enter the following information: Current Password New Password (ensure it meets the security requirements) 2FA Code Once completed, your new password will be completed and recorded into your account security history. You will also be logged out from other platforms.
Forget your Password? (Exchange Web)
 Visit crypto.com/exchange and select the Log In button (upper right-hand corner) 2. Select Forgot your password?. 3. Enter your registered Exchange email and press Submit. 4. An email will be sent to your registered email. Check your inbox to receive the link. 5. In your email, click the link in the email will redirect you to set a password. 6. Once you've created a new password, click Change my password. 7. Log In on the Exchange using your newly created password. 
Forget your Password? (Exchange App)
 Visit exchange app setting/trade/wallets and select the Log In button  Select Forgot your password? Enter your registered Exchange email and press Submit. An email will be sent to your registered email. Check your inbox to receive the link. In your email, click the link in the email will redirect you to set a password. Once you've created a new password, click Reset Password. Log In on the Exchange using your newly created password. As a security measure, enabling 2FA is required to manage your withdrawals, deposits, and your API keys on your Crypto.com Exchange account. Visit crypto.com/exchange and select the Log In button (upper right-hand corner). Go to your Profile and select Security > Account Password and 2FA. Under 2-Factor Authentication, you will see the button to Enable 2FA. A screen will appear and provide you with more details. Below are steps to help you enable 2FA. Step 1: Download and install the Google Authenticator or Authy app in App Store (for iOS) or Google Play (for Android). Step 2: A QR code and 16-digit key will be shown on the page. Open your authenticator app and click the symbol【+】on the top right-hand side to scan the QR code, or you can manually enter the '2FA 16-digit key.' Step 3: The 16-digit key will not be shown again and is unique for each setup. You will need the key to re-bind your account; otherwise, 2FA will need to be disabled and enabled again. Step 4: In your app, you will see a 6-digit code. Enter the code into the Crypto.com Exchange 6-digit code field. Enable 2FA when ready. 
How do I re-enable 2FA if I no longer have access to my authenticator app？
 If you have stored the 16-digit code which was generated on the Crypto.com Exchange website when you enabled the Google Authenticator for the first time, you can re-enable your Authenticator by adding the key to the app manually.  If you haven't stored the backup key, you will need to reset your 2FA.
How do I disable my 2FA Authentication? (Exchange Web)
 The following steps outline the Disable 2FA Authentication Procedure.  Please note to avoid any unexpected issues or delays, your withdrawals may be disabled for 24 hours after successfully disabling 2FA Authentication. Go to the Crypto.com Exchange and log in to your account Head to the Dashboard and click Settings Under the Security tab, select Account Password & 2FA Under 2-Factor Authentication, tap the toggle to turn off 2FA You will receive a Disable 2FA prompt. You will receive an Enter Email OTP prompt. Check your registered email mailbox and enter the Email OTP or proceed with the magic link. Enter your 2FA code from your authenticator. Refer to the below instructions if your authenticator is unavailable. Tap “Disable 2FA” A notification will appear to indicate “2FA Disabled”
How do I disable my 2FA Authentication? (Exchange App)
 The following steps outline the Disable 2FA Authentication Procedure.  Please note to avoid any unexpected issues or delays, your withdrawals may be disabled for 24 hours after successfully disabling 2FA Authentication. Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Home > Settings > Security Under 2-Factor Authentication, tap the toggle to turn off 2FA  You will receive a Disable 2FA prompt. You will receive an Enter Email OTP prompt. Check your registered email mailbox and enter the Email OTP or proceed with the magic link. Enter your 2FA code from your authenticator. Refer to the below instructions if your authenticator is unavailable. A notification will appear to indicate “2FA Disabled”
2FA Authenticator not available?
 The following steps outline the procedure to disable 2FA if 2FA is not available: Please contact our customer support and provide us with the following information: You are required to submit a photo of yourself holding a piece of paper with the following handwritten on it: Your name Date of request You might also be requested to include additional authentication information upon contacting our Customer Support Team. Please ensure your face and the message are clearly visible. After verification, you will receive an email to your registered email address. Click on the magic link. After clicking on the magic link, it will direct you back to the Exchange Web and will request you to log back in for a successful reset. ** Resetting your Authenticator settings will disable your 2FA protection on both your Exchange account and the Crypto.com Main App account.  To help protect your account, please immediately remove the previous authentication key from your authenticator and re-enable 2FA once your 2FA has been reset. Enabling an Anti-Phishing code is recommended to help identify whether emails are legitimately from Crypto.com Exchange. 
What if I’ve already set an anti-phishing code on my Crypto.com App which is connected to my Crypto.com Exchange Account?
 Your Exchange emails will automatically include the same anti-phishing code. If you change your anti-phishing code on either platform it will be reflected on both the Crypto.com App and Exchange.
Which Crypto.com emails will include my anti-phishing code?
 Once it is enabled in your Exchange’s security settings, all emails from the Crypto.com App and Exchange will include the code. 
Where can the Anti-Phishing code be enabled?
 Visit crypto.com/exchange and select the Login button (upper right-hand corner). Go to your Dashboard and select Security. Under the Anti-Phishing, you will see the button to Create Code A screen will appear and provide you with more details. Below are steps to help you set up an Anti-Phishing Code.
Setup Anti-Phishing Code
 Enter a unique code in the text field provided, this Anti Phishing code will appear in all emails from Crypto.com Exchange. Enter your 2FA code (You must have two-factor authentication enabled first) Press the blue “Confirm Anti-phishing Code” button. You can also update/disable your Anti-phishing code on the same screen. We recommend updating your Anti-phishing code every 30 days.  Please refer to our Privacy Notice.
About Trusted Device Management
 Trusted Device Management is a security feature that aims to increase application security by providing users ownership regarding which devices can access their Crypto.com Exchange accounts. Trusted Device Management allows a user to: Authorize (or trust) a new device: Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account with an unrecognized device or a non-trusted device Check your mailbox on your registered email, and enter the email OTP Enter login information (and 2FA verification, if enabled) Once verified and authenticated, the device will be added to the user’s Trusted Device list
View & delete a trusted device:
 Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account Go to Dashboard > Settings > Security Tap Manage Devices under Trusted Device Tap Remove to delete any trusted devices from the authorized list Users are encouraged to remove public devices that are added to the trusted device list after use for better security. 
Exchange Web - Trusted Device Management
 
What should I know before closing my account?
 Closing your account means your Crypto.com App Account, Crypto.com Exchange Account, and your Crypto.com Visa Card will not be accessible again. Please refer to How does the $50 close account fee work for my Crypto.com Visa Card for more information about the cancellation process and fee for your Crypto.com Visa Card. After you have closed your accounts, you are welcome to use our services again by signing up as a new user. We will not be able to reactivate your account after it has been closed.  NOTE: Please be aware that you'll be ineligible for any promotional offers for new accounts including the signup bonus from the BG25 Referral Program. In order to understand how we treat your personal data please refer to our Privacy Notice.
Do I need to withdraw my funds?
 Before initiating the process, please consider withdrawing or spending all remaining balances in your accounts.*  *If your crypto balance is under the minimum withdrawal limit, please contact our support team to assist in processing the withdrawals (where the amount can cover the withdrawal fee). More information on withdrawal options: How to withdraw cryptocurrency from my Crypto.com Exchange wallet (To: Crypto.com App Wallet) How to withdraw cryptocurrency from my Crypto.com Exchange wallet (To: External Wallet Address) Deposits and Withdrawals on the Exchange You can find more information how to withdraw funds from your Crypto.com account here. 
How do I close my account?
 Once you are sure you want to close the account and have brought your balance to 0, feel free to get in touch with us via the In-App chat option or the web chat. If you find email communication more convenient, feel free to contact us at [email protected] from your registered email address with the subject: Close Account 
How do I unsubscribe from emails?
 If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from us and you keep receiving them after the account closure, feel free to open the email you received and click "unsubscribe from the list" link in the footer of the email. You can also click "update subscription preferences" to adjust email preferences in the footer of the email.
What are Sub-accounts?
 The Sub-accounts feature allows the Crypto.com Exchange users to set up multiple Sub-accounts under their existing primary account (“Master Account”). It enables users to better manage their trading risks by implementing different strategies in each Sub-account.  Each Sub-account shows its own balances, margin, and positions, and users can use each Sub-account for transactions they wish to group together under that Sub-Account. Profit and loss are shown separately within each Sub-account.  At this moment, you can only access underlying Sub-accounts through your Master Account, and the associated Master Account password and log in. The following table summarizes the key specifications of the Sub-accounts feature. Terms Retail Institutional Max No. of Sub-accounts 20 100 KYC Verification Sub-accounts inherit the Master Account’s KYC verification tier Sub-accounts inherit the Master Account’s KYC verification tier Trading Support Spot Trading (Sub-accounts have access to Spot Trading by default) Margin Trading (If permitted without geo-restriction) Derivative Trading (If permitted without geo-restriction) Spot Trading (Sub-accounts have access to Spot Trading by default) Margin Trading (If permitted without geo-restriction) Derivative Trading (If permitted without geo-restriction) Trading Volume All Sub-account spot trading volumes are calculated towards Master Account total spot trading volumes.  All Sub-account derivatives trading volumes are calculated towards Master Account total derivatives trading volumes. All Sub-account spot trading volumes are calculated towards Master Account total spot trading volumes.  All Sub-account derivatives trading volumes are calculated towards Master Account total derivatives trading volumes. Trading Fee Rebate & Discounts Sub-accounts inherit the same trading fee tier as the Master Account. Trading fee rebates and discounts are calculated per account and paid to individual accounts respectively (i.e. Master Account, Sub-accounts). Sub-accounts inherit the same trading fee tier as the Master Account. Trading fee rebates and discounts are calculated per account and paid to individual accounts respectively (i.e. Master Account, Sub-accounts). Margin Trading Interest Sub-accounts inherit the same interest rate tier as the Master Account. Sub-accounts inherit the same interest rate tier as the Master Account. API Keys Support Each Sub-account has an API hard limit of 10 calls per URL per second (same as our current API hard limit when no Sub-accounts have been activated) For user APIs, the limit count will be performed per Sub-account account. For market APIs, the limit count will still be performed per IP address  Each Sub-account can have API keys associated with the specific Sub-account based on either of the following configurations: Read Only Enable Trading  Each Sub-account has an API hard limit of 10 calls per URL per second (same as our current API hard limit when no Sub-accounts have been activated) For user APIs, the limit count will be performed per Sub-account account. For market APIs, the limit count will still be performed per IP address  Each Sub-account can have API keys associated with the specific Sub-account based on either of the following configurations: Read Only Enable Trading Transfers Transfers between Master Account Wallet and Sub-account Wallets are permitted.  Transfers between wallets associated with a specific Sub-account are also permitted. Transfers between Master Account Wallet and Sub-account Wallets are permitted.  Transfers between wallets associated with a specific Sub-account are also permitted. On-Chain Transactions All on-chain deposits and withdrawals must be via your Master Account Wallet. All on-chain deposits and withdrawals must be via your Master Account Wallet. Off-Chain Transactions Transfers to and from the Crypto.com App must be via your Master Account Wallet. Not applicable Use by Third Parties Sub-accounts are only for your benefit alone. It should not be used by third parties. You may grant certain Authorised Persons access to your account on your behalf. You remain responsible for all actions for Authorised Persons. Segregation of Liabilities The Master Account and all Sub-Accounts are still part of the same account you have with us. This means that provisions of our Agreement relating to liability and set-off apply across the Master Account and all Sub-Accounts. For example, if a margin top-up obligation in respect of a Sub-Account is not met, then we may have rights against any other assets, even if they are allocated to a different Sub-Account. The Master Account and all Sub-Accounts are still part of the same account you have with us. This means that provisions of our Agreement relating to liability and set-off apply across the Master Account and all Sub-Accounts. For example, if a margin top-up obligation in respect of a Sub-Account is not met, then we may have rights against any other assets, even if they are allocated to a different Sub-Account.
What can a Sub-account do?
 A Master Account has access to the full features of the Crypto.com Exchange and is subject to the terms and jurisdiction requirements of each feature. For the underlying Sub-accounts, features may be more limited. This section describes the key functionalities and settings associated with Sub-accounts. If any of the following events occur, then there is an immediate change to all associated Sub-accounts linked to that Master Account: Master Account KYC level is downgraded Master Account is ineligible for certain features Master Account is closed down permanently For example, if a Master Account is ineligible for Margin Trading, then its underlying Sub-accounts will not be able to access that feature.  Refer to the tables below for more information regarding functionality a Sub-account could do.  Spot Trading ✔ (By default) Margin Trading ✔ (If permitted with no geo-restrictions) Derivatives Trading ✔ (If permitted with no geo-restrictions) ✔ (Up to 20x Maximum Account Leverage) Transfers Between Accounts ✔(To Master Account Wallet and to another Sub-account Wallet) Order Management ✔ Trading Fee Rebate ✔ (Inherits the fee rebate of Master Account) Deposit & Withdrawal X Report Generation ✔ CRO Fixed Staking X Soft Staking Inherited from Master Account Sub-account Management X Lending X Supercharger X Referral Programme X Feature Sub-account 2FA Configuration Inherited from Master Account (With per-Authorized Person differentiation where applicable) Anti-phishing Code Inherited from Master Account (With per-Authorized Person differentiation where applicable) API Keys Each Sub-account has an API hard limit of 10 calls per URL per second (same as the API hard limit for a standard account when no Sub-accounts have been activated).  For user APIs, the limit count will be performed per Sub-account. For market APIs, the limit count will be performed per IP address.  Each Sub-account can have API keys associated with the specific Sub-account based on either of the following configurations: Read Only Enable Trading KYC and Verification Level Inherit Master Account
Sub-account Management
 On the User Centre > Account Management page, you can create and update Sub-accounts.  To create a Sub-account: Go to User Centre > Account Management Tap Create Sub-account On Create Sub-account pop up Provide input for Account Label Tap Review to land on Review Your Sub-account section Review your Sub-account details Tap Confirm Kindly note 2FA set-up is required before you could create a Sub-account. Once the Sub-account creation is successful, you will land back on the User Centre > Sub-accounts > Account Management page, and you will be able to see the newly created Sub-account.  Below are some of the key details regarding the Sub-account features and limits. See “What can a Sub-account do?” for further details. Please note that each and every Sub-account opened and operated must be for you. No other person, except Authorised Persons of Institutional Users, are permitted to use your Sub-accounts. Details Retail User Institutional User Eligibility Max 20 creations per day Max 200 creations per day Max No. of Sub-accounts 20 200 Maximum Account Leverage for each Sub-account 20x 20x Account Label Required and unique Required and unique Log In via Master Account ✔ ✔ Note: We also do not monitor any account labels for consistency with trading strategies or outcomes, nor do we control any Sub-account according to any label. For example, if you label a Sub-account as “Low risk” we do not apply any limits on that account to keep it to a lower risk profile. That remains your responsibility. However, we may investigate and/or require you to change an account label if we believe it may suggest conduct that is unlawful or in breach of our Agreement or policies.  To update a Sub-account Label: Go to User Centre > Account Management Tap Edit icon beside the Sub-account label Update input for Account Label Tap Review to land on the Update Confirmation section Review your updated Sub-account details Tap Confirm Once the Sub-account update is successful, you will land back on the User Centre > Account Management page and you will see that the Sub-account is updated.  You can temporarily suspend your Sub-account(s) whenever needed. The suspension is reversible. Kindly note that you have to close any open orders and open positions and transfer all remaining proceeds to the Master Account yourself before you are able to suspend the sub-account.  To suspend a Sub-account: Go to User Centre > Account Management Tap More Actions to view the action dropdown Select Suspend Account On Important Notice pop up, read the notice carefully Tap Continue to acknowledge the important notice and land on Suspend Sub-account section Review your Sub-account details Tap Suspend Account to confirm the suspension Once a Sub-account is suspended, account access including the API key will be revoked temporarily.  You can reactivate your suspended Sub-account(s) whenever needed. To reactivate a Sub-account: Go to User Centre > Account Management Tap More Actions to view the action dropdown Select Reactivate Account Review your Sub-account details Tap Reactivate Account to confirm the reactivation Once a Sub-account is reactivated, account access will resume including API keys.  You can permanently terminate eligible Sub-account(s) whenever needed. The termination is irreversible. Kindly note that you have to close any open orders and open positions and transfer all remaining proceeds to the Master Account yourself before you are able to terminate the sub-account.  Go to User Centre > Account Management Tap More Actions to view the action dropdown Select Terminate Account On Important Notice pop up, read the notice carefully Tap Continue to acknowledge the important notice and land on the Terminate Sub-account section Review your Sub-account details Tap Terminate Account to confirm the termination Once a Sub-account is terminated, account access including Transaction History and API key access will be revoked permanently. If you close down your Master Account, all Sub-accounts will also be automatically terminated. If you are having issues terminating any of your Sub-account(s), please reach out to our Customer Service at [email protected]. We generally require seven days’ notice to terminate any Sub-account. 
Switch Account View
 To switch account view between Sub-accounts and Master Account: Option 1: Navigate to Dashboard Tap on the Account dropdown menu above Overview chart Select the account you would like to switch your account view to   Option 2: Tap the profile avatar Tap Switch Account On Switch Account pop up, select the account you would like to switch your account view to
API Management
 On the User Centre > Settings > API Management page, you can view and manage all API keys that are created by your underlying Sub-accounts. You can update or delete the API keys on your Sub-account behalf and any changes will become immediately effective after confirmation. 
Funds Management
 On the User Centre > Account Management page, you can view and manage all Wallets of your underlying Sub-accounts. Transfers between Master Account Wallet and Sub-account Wallets are supported. 
Sub-account Wallets
 To view a Wallet of your underlying Sub-account: Go to User Centre > Account Management Tap View Wallet to view the Wallet of the corresponding Sub-account To view the Wallet of a Former Margin Sub-Account, you will have to switch account view to the Former Margin Sub-Account and navigate to User Centre > Former Margin Wallet page. 
Transfers
 On the User Centre > Account Management page: Tap Transfer Select the account to transfer to and from Tap ↑↓ to change transfer direction if needed Select Coin Input Amount or tap Transfer All Tap Review Transfer On Transfer Confirmation, review the transfer details Tap Confirm Transfer to proceed Note: In a Sub-account view, the Sub-account Spot Wallet can only make transfers back to the Master Account Wallet or to another Sub-account Wallet. 
Sub-account Trading Fee, Rebate & Interest
 All Sub-account spot trading volumes are calculated towards Master Account overall spot trading volumes.  = ∑(spot trading volume | Master Account) + ∑(spot trading volume | Sub-account)  ∑(spot trading volume | Master Account) = ∑(spot & margin | Master Account)  ∑(spot trading volume | Sub-account) = ∑(spot & margin | Sub-account)  This overall spot trading volume will be used to determine the spot and margin trading fee tier of the Master Account. Each Sub-accounts will inherit the same fee tier as the Master Account.  Refer here for more details about trading fees and rebates on the Crypto.com Exchange Spot and Margin Trading.  Overall Derivatives Trading volume  = ∑(derivatives trading volume | Master Account) + ∑(derivatives trading volume | Sub-account)  ∑(derivatives trading volume | Master Account) = ∑(derivatives | Master)  ∑(derivatives trading volume | Sub-account) = ∑(derivatives | Sub-account)  This overall derivatives trading volume will be used to determine the derivatives trading fee tier of the Master Account. Each Sub-accounts will inherit the same fee tier as the Master Account.  Refer here for more details about trading fees and rebates on the Crypto.com Exchange Derivatives Trading.  If a Master Account is eligible for Soft Staking and it is enabled, then the underlying Sub-accounts will also be eligible for the Soft Staking interest. Soft Staking interests are calculated per account and paid to individual accounts respectively (i.e. Master Account, Sub-accounts).  Refer here for more details about the Soft Staking feature on the Crypto.com Exchange.
What kind of limits are there?
 This is our only limit for API trading, which is subject to change at any time: Hard Limit: 10 calls per URL per second (API access only) 
At which level are the limits enforced?
 For user APIs, the limit count will be performed per account. For market APIs, the limit count will be performed per IP address. 
What will happen if I exceed the limits?
 Requests that exceed the limit will be dropped and you will experience an HTTP error code 429. In most cases it will be resumed in the next second, however, we reserve the right to suspend your account at any time for an indefinite duration if we suspect any abuse or suspicious activities related to your account. 
Can I check my Secret Keys after they were created?
 For security reasons, Secret Keys are only visible at the time the API Key is created. If you have forgotten it or lost it, you will need to create a new API Key and use the new one created. 
Could I get my limits increased, or some kind of dedicated stream/bandwidth?
 No, we are currently not customizing limits for users. We will update our FAQ and API documentation going forward if there are any changes to the limits and other features. 
How do I get an UAT API Key?
 UAT environment access is by invitation only for institutional accounts. 
Where can I find more information about API?
 Visit our API documentation - https://crypto.com/exchange-doc 
What is an API and what does it do?
 API is short for Application Programming Interface, which is basically a set of rules describing how two applications interact with each other.  For cryptocurrency trading, an API allows you to connect with your exchange, giving you access to real-time market data, make trades, and manage your account. Visit our API documentation for more information - https://crypto.com/exchange-doc 
How do I create an API key?
 Creating an API key generates a public and secret key to access the Exchange at the API level. The secret key is revealed when first created; however, upon refreshing the page or navigating elsewhere, the secret key will be hidden for security reasons. If you forget your secret key, you need to create a new one.  1. Log In to your Crypto.com Exchange account. 2. After you've logged in to your account, click your Profile (upper right-hand corner) 3. Select Settings, then API Keys. 4. Select Create a new API key, enter the description/label, and enter your 2FA code. 5. A public and secret key will be generated, and you have the option to enable IP restrictions. All new API Keys created will be by default “Can Read”. You can then choose to enable trading for the API Key.  NOTE: When creating an API key to give to external sites (e.g., for tax or portfolio tracking purposes), please do your diligence to review the validity of the site. Moreover, always ensure that you set the API restriction for Can Read-only purposes in these scenarios.  Warrant Contracts (“Warrants”) are derivative products that enable Users to purchase the right to Buy or Sell an underlying asset (such as BTC or ETH) at a pre-agreed price (Strike Price) on a specific date (Expiry Date). Call Warrants to give the purchaser the right to Buy, whereas Put Warrants give the purchaser the right to Sell.  Warrants are purchased in USD. On the Expiry Date, any pay-off presented by the Warrant following the terms of the contract is “cash settled” with USD. Warrants are issued by Crypto.com and/or its affiliates. Each Warrant listed on Crypto.com Exchange has a fixed Strike Price and Expiry Date. The Warrant itself has a purchase price that varies over time. Before the Expiry Date, users with existing Warrant positions can partially or fully sell (close) their Warrant position on the exchange.  Users cannot purchase Warrants on margin for leverage. User’s Warrant positions will not be used as collateral to support other opened leveraged positions (i.e. Perpetuals and Futures).  These FAQs provide details on how purchasers can conduct trading activities with Warrants. Warrant trading is subject to: the Exchange Terms and Conditions published by Crypto.com; the Addendum - Derivatives Trading Terms and Conditions (“Addendum”) – except those clauses concerning Initial Margin, Maintenance Margin, and Margin Balance; and these FAQs. The terms used in these FAQs are consistent with those found in the Exchange Terms and Conditions and Addendum. Please read these documents before trading Warrants. In particular, please refer to the “Risk Disclosure Statement” (clause 5) of the Addendum for the key risks associated with Derivative Products (including trading in Warrants).  These FAQs are not prepared with your particular financial needs or situation in mind. If you are in any doubt about trading Warrants, before trading Warrants, please seek professional advice and ensure that the product is suitable for your financial situation, investment experience, and investment objectives. You should not rely solely on the information provided by us when making financial decisions. Getting Started With Derivatives Trading How to Check Warrant Contract Details How to Create and Close a Warrant position Supported Warrant Contracts Key Applicable Terms & Pay-off Calculations - Warrants Crypto.com Index Price Applicable Fees Derivatives Trading Geo-restrictions  Users can purchase Warrants with USD at the Warrant Price quoted on Crypto.com Exchange.  Each Warrant listed on the Exchange will have specific contract details. These details can be found on the Trading page of the warrant instrument in question, outlined in the “Contract Details” box located below the order form. ​​You should also refer to the applicable Product Specifications. 
Key transaction terms explained with examples
 Warrant Contract Details Description Available (USD) USD balance available in your Wallet to purchase Warrants Instrument Warrant Instrument Symbol [Underlying]-[Expiry Date]-[Call / Put Warrant]-[Strike Price] Underlying Underlying asset of the Warrant (e.g. BTCUSD Index) Expiry Date Expiry Date of the Warrant Rights Right of the Warrant (Call = Right to Buy, Put = Right to Sell) Strike (USD) Price at which the Warrant Purchaser can Buy or Sell the underlying at Expiry Date Conversion Ratio 10,000 (Contract Size = 1/10,000) Gearing The ratio of the Underlying Price to the Warrant Price and represents the leverage that the warrant offers: Gearing = Underlying Asset Price / (Warrant Price x Conversion Ratio) Please note users can only have long warrants positions. Users are not able to: Create a short position – meaning users are not able to sell Warrants if they do not already hold the contracts; and/or Use leverage in a Warrant trade Users who have bought Warrants can place sell orders to reduce or close their existing long position for USD, following the warrant price quoted on Crypto.com exchange for USD. Warrants trading currently supports Limit Orders and Market Orders. Advanced Order Types and Reduce Only may be introduced in the future.  1. Creating a position: You can create a position by creating a Limit Order or Market Order. This involves the following steps:  (i)         Select the “Limit” tab or “Market” tab, depending on whether you want to create a Limited Order or Market Order.  (ii)        Input the price at which you want to trade (if you want to create a Limit Order). The minimum price or tick size is 0.001 USD to 10 USD (depending on the specification of each Warrant). There is no need to input the price if you want to create a Market Order.  (iii)       Input the quantity of Warrant you want to trade with. The minimum order quantity is 10 BTCUSD Warrant contracts (contract conversion ratio = 10,000).  (iv)       Press the “Buy” button if you want to create a Long position, or press the “Sell” button if you want to reduce your existing Long position.  Please note: you are not able to create a short position. Sell orders can only be placed to reduce or close an existing Long position.  2. Monitoring existing open positions: After the Order is filled, a position is created. You can monitor open positions under the Positions panel. The estimated value and PNL(ROI%) of your warrant position is based on the corresponding orderbook’s mid-price where available.  3. Closing a position: You can close your position in two ways (refer to A and B images below):  A. You can close or reduce your open position by creating a Limit Order or Market Order in the opposite direction of your open position. For example, if you want to close a long open position, you can create a Sell Limit Order or Market orders to reduce or close your long open position. You must always carefully check your existing positions before doing so to ensure correct input.  B. You can close your open position by clicking the “Limit” or the “Market” button located at the bottom right of the position panel. The Limit button will create a counter Limit Order to your open position at a specified limit price. The Market button will execute a counter Market Order to your open position.  The Session End Time for Warrant contracts will be 08:00 UTC on the date of expiry (Expiry Date). This is known as the Expiry Settlement.  During the 1 hour prior to the Expiry Settlement, Users’ existing Warrant positions cannot be closed and the pay-off of these positions will be calculated and settled following the Settlement Price at the Session End Time.  The Settlement Price is calculated as the Time Weight Average Price of the Index Price over the last 60 minutes before the Expiry Settlement measured between 07:00 UTC and 08:00 UTC on the date of expiry (Expiry Date).  Trading fees for Warrant Contracts will follow the maker-taker fee model. Warrant Trading Fee = Warrant Trading Volume x Trading Fee% following Level Tier = ((Warrant Contract Quantity / Conversion Ratio) x Underlying Index Price on Position Entry) x Trading Fee% following Level Tier  Refer to this article for more information on fees. 
Warrant Pay-off Calculations
 Call Warrant Pay-off  Users holding Call Warrant positions can benefit from positive underlier price movements.  On the date of expiry (Expiry Date), if the Settlement Price of the underlier closes above the Call Warrant Strike Price (i.e. Strike Price < Settlement Price), then the Warrant Pay-off will be positive for the User. Warrant Contract Details Description Instrument BTCUSD-211231-CW70000 [Underlier]-[Expiry Date]-[Call Warrant]-[Strike Price] Underlier BTCUSD Index Expiry Date 31st December 2021 Rights Call Strike (USD) 70,000 Conversion Ratio 10,000 Example 1: User purchases Call Warrants and the position expires “in the money” (ITM) BTCUSD Index at the time of purchase At the time of Warrant purchase, BTCUSD Index trades at 63,000 Quantity Purchaser A purchases 100 Call Warrants (BTCUSD-211231-CW70000) at the price of 0.2 USD per Warrant → Purchaser A’s cost of purchasing 100 Warrants = USD20 BTCUSD Index on Expiry Date On the Expiry Date (31st December 2021), BTCUSD Index closes at 80,000 Equation for pay-off calculation Call Warrant Pay-off = (Settlement Price - Strike Price) x (Quantity / Conversion Ratio) Pay-off calculation The Call Warrant pay-off is as follows: Strike Price = 70,000 Settlement Price = 80,000 Quantity of Warrants = 100 Settlement Price > Strike Price → Call Warrant is “in the money” and will be automatically exercised on Expiry. The pay-off calculation is as follows: Call Warrant Pay-off = (80,000 - 70,000) x (100 / 10,000) Call Warrant Pay-off = (10,000) x (100 / 10,000) Call Warrant Pay-off = 100 USD User Profit or Loss = -20 (cost) + 100 (profit) = USD 80  profit  (excl. trading fees) Example 2: User purchases Call Warrants and the position expires “out of the money” (OTM) BTCUSD Index at the time of purchase At the time of Warrant purchase, BTCUSD Index trades at 63,000  Quantity Purchaser B purchases 100 Call Warrants (BTCUSD-211231-CW70000) at the price of 0.2 USD per Warrant → Purchaser B’s cost of purchasing 100 Warrants = USD20 BTCUSD Index on Expiry Date On Expiry Date (31st December 2021), BTCUSD Index closes at 60,000 Equation for pay-off calculation Call Warrant Pay-off = (Settlement Price - Strike Price) x (Quantity / Conversion Ratio) Pay-off calculation The Call Warrant pay-off is as follows: Strike Price = 70,000 Settlement Price = 60,000 Quantity of Warrants = 100 Settlement Price < Strike Price → Call Warrant is “out of the money” and will not be exercised. User Profit or Loss Loss of = USD 20 (excl. trading fees) Users holding Put Warrant positions can benefit from negative underlier price movements.  On the date of expiry (Expiry Date), if the Settlement Price of the underlier closes below the Put Warrant Strike Price (i.e. Strike Price > Settlement Price), then the Warrant Pay-off will be positive for the User. Warrant Contract Details Description Instrument BTCUSD-211231-PW60000 [Underlier]-[Expiry Date]-[Put Warrant]-[Strike Price] Underlier BTCUSD Index Expiry Date 31st December 2021 Rights Put Strike (USD) 60,000 Conversion Ratio 10,000 Example 3: User purchases Put Warrants and the position expiries “in the money” (ITM) BTCUSD Index at the time of purchase At the time of Warrant purchase, BTCUSD Index trades at 63,000 Quantity Purchaser C purchases 100 units of Put Warrants (BTCUSD-211231-PW60000) at the price of 0.1 USD per Warrant → Purchaser C’s cost of purchasing Warrants = USD10 BTCUSD Index on Expiry Date On Expiry Date (31st December 2021), BTCUSD Index closes at 50,000 Equation for pay-off calculation Put Warrant Pay-off = (Strike Price - Settlement Price) x (Quantity / Conversion Ratio) Pay-off calculation The Put Warrant pay-off is as follows: Strike Price = 60,000 Settlement Price = 50,000 Quantity of Warrants = 100 Settlement Price < Strike Price → Put Warrant is “in the money” and will be automatically exercised on Expiry. The pay-off calculation is as follows: Put Warrant Pay-off = (60,000 - 50,000) x (100 / 10,000) Put Warrant Pay-off = (10,000) x (100 / 10,000) Put Warrant Pay-off = 100 USD User Profit or Loss = -10 (cost) + 100 (profit) = USD90 profit (excl. trading fees) Example 4: User purchases Put Warrant and the position expiries “out of the money” (OTM) BTCUSD Index at the time of purchase At the time of Warrant purchase, BTCUSD Index trades at 63,000 Quantity Purchaser D purchases 100 Put Warrants (BTCUSD-211231-PW60000) at the price of 0.1 USD per Warrant → Purchaser D’s cost of purchasing Warrants = USD10 BTCUSD Index on Expiry Date On Expiry Date (31st December 2021), BTCUSD Index closes at 70,000 Equation for pay-off calculation Put Warrant Pay-off = (Strike Price - Settlement Price) x (Quantity / Conversion Ratio) Pay-off calculation The Put Warrant pay-off calculation is as follows: Strike Price = 60,000 Settlement Price = 70,000 Quantity of Warrants = 100 Settlement Price > Strike Price → Put Warrant is “out of the money” and will not be exercised. User Profit or Loss Loss of = USD10 (excl. trading fees) This section lists the Warrant Contracts that are currently available in the Crypto.com Exchange. Please click on each contract for more details about its specifications.  BTCUSD Warrant Contracts
BTCUSD Warrant Contract Product Specifications
 Product Name BTCUSD Call / Put Warrants Product Issuer CRO DAS Limited Symbol [Underlying]-[Expiry in YYMMDD]- CW[Strike]  [Underlying]-[Expiry in YYMMDD]-PW[Strike]  e.g. BTCUSD-210625-CW50000 BTCUSD-210625-PW40000 Product Description Call / Put Warrants are derivative instruments, where the payoff is settled based on the price difference between the underlying instrument and the Call / Put Warrants’ Strike Price at Expiry. Underlying Crypto.com BTCUSD Index Exercise Style European (rights are only exercised on Expiry Date) Rights Call (right to buy) or Put (right to sell) Strike & Expiry Date As stipulated by the contract details of the specific Warrant listed on Crypto.com Exchange Conversion Ratio BTCUSD: 10,000 (equivalent to 1/Contract Size).  Contract Size is 0.0001 BTC, each contract has 0.0001 BTC as the underlying asset. Min Price Tick 0.001 USD per 1 BTCUSD Warrant Contract Min Quantity Tick 10 (Quantity of Warrant Contracts)  Crypto.com reserves the sole discretion to decrease the min quantity tick to 1 if the Call/ Put Warrants price goes up by 100 times Maximum Order Quantity Subject to the Warrant Issuance Size determined by the Issuer Expiry Time 08:00 UTC Last Trading Time 1 hour before Expiry Time Margin Policy No margin  Warrant purchases are fully funded I.e. You cannot open a Warrant position on margin.  Any open Warrant position value cannot be used as margin to support other open positions Maximum Leverage No leverage permitted  Warrant purchases are fully funded Liquidation Arrangement No liquidation arrangement i.e Open warrant positions are not subjected to liquidation  (Above is subject to change in the future) Trading Bandwidth Intrinsic Value Call Warrants Intrinsic Value = max[0, (Index Price - Strike Price)] / Conversion Ratio Put Warrants Intrinsic Value = max[0, (Strike Price - Index Price)] / Conversion Ratio  Call Warrants Price Bound = [ Call Warrants Intrinsic Value, Index Price / Conversion Ratio ]  Put Warrants Price Bound = [ Put Warrants Intrinsic Value, Strike Price / Conversion Ratio ]  Warrants Trading Bandwidth = max(1 x Price Tick, Price Bound +/- 10%) Settlement Price Call Warrant Settlement Price = max[0, (Index Settlement Price - Strike Price)] / Conversion Ratio  Put Warrant Settlement Price = max[0, (Strike Price - Index Settlement Price)] / Conversion Ratio  Index Settlement Price = TWAP of Index Price of last 60 mins before expiry, measured between 07:00 and 08:00 UTC. The calculation uses Index Price snapshots per minute. Settlement Method USD Settled Settlement Currency USD Stablecoin Session Settlement Expiration Settlement: At Expiry, all open positions are marked to the Settlement Price. Realised PnL will automatically settle in USD on User’s wallet. No mark to market realized PnL for normal session settlement cycle The following locations are restricted from downloading DeFi Wallet App: Markets Country Code Afghanistan AF / AFG Andorra AD / AND Bangladesh BD / BGD Bolivia BO / BOL Burma (Myanmar) MM / MMR Burundi BI / BDI Central African Republic CF / CAF China CN / CHN Congo, Dem. Rep. CD / COD Cook Islands CK / COK Cote d'Ivoire CI / CIV Cuba CU / CUB Crimea Region  Donetsk  East Timor (Timor-Leste) TL/TLS Ecuador EC / ECU Equatorial Guinea GQ / GNQ Eritrea ER / ERI Ethiopia ET / ETH Gaza Strip GA / GAZ Guinea GN / GIN Guinea-Bissau GW / GNW Iran IR / IRN Iraq IQ / IRQ Kiribati KI / KIR Korea, North KP / PRK Kosovo XK / XKX Kyrgyzstan (Kyrgyz Republic) KG / KGZ Lebanon LB / LBN Lesotho LS / LSO Liberia LR / LBR Libya LY / LBY Luhansk  Mali ML / MLI Marshall Islands MH / MHL Mayotte YT / MYT Namibia NA / NAM Nepal NP / NPL Netherlands Antilles AN / ANT Palestine PS / PSE Ukraine - Zaporizhzhia Region  Ukraine - Kherson Region  Saint Helena SH / SHN Somalia SO / SOM South Sudan SS / SSD Sudan SD / SDN Swaziland SZ / SWZ Syria SY / SYR Tuvalu TV / TUV Venezuela VE / VEN Wallis and Futuna WF / WLF West Bank  Western Sahara EH / ESH Yemen YE / YEM Zimbabwe ZW / ZWE We've created the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet because we believe that it’s your basic human right to control your money, data, and security. The Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is designed to give you full control and secured custody of your crypto.  With the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet (a non-custodial wallet), you can send crypto to anyone around the world at your preferred confirmation speed and the network fee.  We’re also working hard to bring you decentralized finance offerings through the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet. Stay tuned and watch this space for updates!  Meanwhile, if you’re looking to trade, spend and grow your crypto, the Crypto.com App is still the easiest place to start! 
What is a non-custodial wallet?
 Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is a decentralized wallet, which means you own your private keys. During wallet creation, you will have to write down your recovery phrase which when needed, you will be able to restore your funds. Having private keys means that you have full control over your funds, and you are the only one responsible for your funds.  On the contrary, a custodial wallet is a type of digital wallet which keeps a user’s private keys and provides backup and security for his/her assets. This is what our current Crypto.com App does.
Advantages & Disadvantaes
  Crypto.com DeFi Wallet (Non-custodial Wallet) Crypto.com App (Custodial Wallet) Advantages You have 100% control over your crypto and your private keys. We do not require you to provide your identity so the risk of a data breach is lower. If crypto transfers are made within the Crypto.com ecosystem, you will not be charged any fees. No major effect if you lose your private keys or recovery phrase, easy to regain access again via our support team. Disadvantages You need to pay a transaction fee as the transactions are on-chain and you have to wait for the transaction to be confirmed. If you lose your recovery phase, you will not be able to access your wallet and crypto. You need to prove your identity and perform KYC (know your customer, ID verification). Your wallet is not fully decentralized as Crypto.com is the wallet custodian. Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is designed to give you full control and secured custody of your crypto assets. We’re excited that you’ve chosen to embrace decentralization by using Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to safely and securely store your digital assets. 
How to create your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet
 1. Download the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app 2. Select your wallet creation method Create a new wallet Import an existing wallet Note: If you already have an existing crypto wallet on other applications like Ledger, MetaMask, or MyEtherWallet, you can easily import it to the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet with a 12/18/24-word recovery phrase.  3. Accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Notice 4. Create and confirm your passcode 5. Enable biometric ID verification 6. Your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is ready! 7. You can edit your wallet name or change your avatar by tapping the edit button on the ‘Success’ page. There is a 20-character limit for your wallet’s name There are several default icons to choose from. Alternatively, you can set your NFT as an avatar in the Settings menu later on. 8. Back up your recovery phrase Your recovery phrase is crucial as it is the master key to access your crypto assets. In the event of device theft, loss, or failure, your recovery phrase is the ultimate key to regain access to your funds by importing your wallet to another device. Crypto.com will not keep a copy of your recovery phrase and under no circumstance will we ask for it. If you're not in a private space, please skip this step of the setup process. Access and write down your 12-word recovery phrase when you feel that you have sufficient privacy. This step is not applicable to users who import an existing wallet 9. On the Home Screen, you can easily send, receive, and buy crypto. It takes just seconds to make your first transaction on the app. 
Is the Crypto.com Wallet required in order to use the Crypto.com App or vice versa?
 No, as the 2 apps are independent of one another, you don’t need to register for a Crypto.com App account in order to use the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet. Nor is it required to have a Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to use the Crypto.com App.  If you are using both apps, you may optionally connect your Crypto.com App account to your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to easily transfer funds from one app to another, or vice versa.  Important Note: If this is the first time you are connecting (or reconnecting) your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to your Crypto.com App account, you will have to wait 24 hours before you will be able to withdraw any crypto from your Crypto.com App to your newly connected Crypto.com DeFi Wallet.  This 24-hour lock only applies to withdrawals. You will still be able to buy crypto through your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet immediately after connecting to your Crypto.com App account. 
Why is the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet not available in the App Store or Google Play?
 Due to compliance regulations, unfortunately, we will not be able to distribute Crypto.com DeFi Wallet in crypto-sanctioned/prohibited countries or regions. Please visit this page as a reference for the list of countries/territories on crypto legality. 
Why can't I download the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet App on the App Store or Google Play?
 Due to security concerns, the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet App is not supported on devices with an outdated OS to ensure all security features are enforced. Please update your device's OS version before downloading the app. Android 7.0 and above iOS 12 and above
Why can't I proceed with wallet creation on a jailbroken/rooted device?
 Due to security concerns, we do not support wallet creation on jailbroken/rooted devices. Please use a standard device to download the app and proceed with the wallet creation.  If you currently have other wallets on your jailbroken/rooted devices, we strongly advise you to delete the app and use a standard device instead.  Jailbroken devices allow applications to gain root-level access to run third-party apps that are not approved by Apple App Store/Google Play.  If malware is installed on the device, it can escalate and gain root access - complete access to all of the data on the device, including your recovery phrase!  Apart from the risk of malware, jailbroken/rooted devices are often filled with bugs that could constantly crash your device and disable other important security features that are used to protect your wallet. If you have an existing wallet created on other applications like Ledger, Metamask, or MyEtherWallet, you can easily import it by entering or copying your 12/18/24-word recovery phrase to the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet. Alternatively, you can scan the QR code of the recovery phrase for your other wallets to import them even more quickly.  If you have an existing Crypto.com DeFi Wallet, you can also recover it by entering its 12-word recovery phrase.  A recovery phrase is a key to accessing your wallet and funds. It usually consists of 12/18/24 randomly generated words that are created when you first set up a wallet. Get your recovery phrase ready, either from your secret hiding place or an external application. 
How to import your existing wallet to Crypto.com DeFi Wallet
 When you launch your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet for the first time, you will see three wallet creation methods, tap [Import an existing wallet] Set a passcode and enable biometrics ID Paste or scan the QR code of the recovery phrase from the wallet that you’d like to import. Alternatively, enter your 12/18/24-word recovery phrase in the right order. Tap [Restore] once you have confirmed that the recovery phrase is accurate When your wallet is successfully imported, a pop-up message will appear
Why can’t I tap on the "Restore" button?
 Please check whether there are any invalid words or spelling errors and ensure that you have entered at least 12 words. You may tap on a word bubble to edit it. If you’re copying the recovery phrase from another wallet, please make sure that the words are spelled correctly and in the right order. 
Why do I see a message saying “unable to validate my recovery phrase”?
 Please check whether the words are spelled correctly and in placed the right order. Additionally, ensure that you have entered the full 12/18/24-word phrase. Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is a user-custodied wallet where you are the custodian. This means you get full access and control of your crypto private keys. Unlike a centralized custodian on the Crypto.com App, you have complete ownership of your crypto when they are stored in the Crypto.com Wallet. You do not need a Crypto.com account to store, send and receive crypto in the Crypto.com Wallet.  Due to the decentralized nature of the wallet, all the transactions are processed on-chain and require network fees to incentivize the transaction confirmation on the corresponding token/coin’s Blockchain network. Please note that network fees might vary based on the Blockchain network traffic and Crypto.com does not charge any network fee.  E.g. you need ETH as network fees to send/swap/deposit USDT as it is a ERC20 token. See here to learn more about on-chain transactions.  On the other hand, Crypto.com App is a digital currency brokerage that acts as a custodian and stores your cryptocurrencies for you. Through the Crypto.com App, you are able to instruct us to handle your crypto on your behalf, but you do not control the private keys to your crypto. What are the benefits? You can easily manage and exchange your cryptocurrencies to fiat currencies without worrying about losing your private keys. Also, you can enjoy quick access to our wide range of financial products to help trade, grow and spend your crypto. View here to find out more. 
ADVANTAGES & DISADVANTAGES
  Crypto.com Wallet (Non-custodial Wallet) Crypto.com App (Custodial Wallet) Advantages You have 100% control over your crypto and your private keys. We do not require you to provide your identity so risk of data breach is lower. If crypto transfers are made within Crypto.com ecosystem, you will not be charged any fees. No major effect if you lose your private keys or recovery phrase, easy to regain access again via our support team. Disadvantages You need to pay transaction fee as the transactions are on-chain and you have to wait for the transaction to be confirmed. If you lose your recovery phrase, you will not be able to access your wallet and crypto. You need to prove your identity and perform KYC (know your customer, ID verification). Your wallet is not fully decentralized as Crypto.com is the wallet custodian. 
What is a recovery phrase?
 A recovery phrase is essentially a human-readable form of your crypto wallets’ private keys and is usually displayed as a 12-word phrase.  Every crypto wallet you create or own has its own private key, imagine the private key as your online banking password, and each crypto wallet (account) has a different private key (password) that allows you to access the funds.  It’s a nightmare to remember or keep all your crypto wallets’ private keys securely and that’s why when you first create your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet, each coin’s private key is run through a standardized algorithm to become one master private key, and this master private key is then run through another standardized algorithm to become your 12-word recovery phrase.  Now that you understand the importance of your 12-word recovery phrase - it’s the master private key that allows you to access your crypto assets inside your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet!  You should never ever share your recovery phrase with anyone else, not even a Crypto.com staff  - just like you will never share your online banking password with others!  Anyone who knows your recovery phrase will be able to access and spend your funds from anywhere. This is why your recovery phrase is so important to you and you should back up your recovery phrase during wallet creation and keep your 12-word phrase in a secure and physical location.  Additionally, you can find more information on how to import or recover a wallet using the recovery phrase here. 
Where are my private keys stored?
 Your private keys to your crypto assets are generated and encrypted locally on your device. The private keys are never stored in the cloud nor on any of our servers. They remain 100% in your control and ownership.  Your recovery phrase is very important to you as it is the master private key to accessing and spending your crypto assets. In the event of device theft, loss, or failure, your recovery phrase is literally the ultimate key to regaining access to your funds by importing your wallet on another device - Crypto.com will not keep a copy!  Crypto.com Wallet allows you to skip the backup recovery phrase flow during onboarding as we want to make sure you’re in a safe and private place before you go ahead to write down your 12-word phrase.  As soon as you find a safe and private place, do start to back up your recovery phrase immediately - just like how you would set a PIN code for your ATM card as soon as you receive it. You can enter the backup recovery phrase from the following entry points - During onboarding: You should see the backup recovery phrase flow right after you create a 6-digit passcode for your wallet. After onboarding: You can easily back up your recovery phrase by navigating to On the ‘Success’ page after creating your wallet > Tap [Back Up Now] Home screen > Backup recovery phrase reminder > Tap the reminder Or Settings > Tap [Recovery Phrase] Tap [Back up Now] in the Recovery Phrase reminder pop-up when you launch the app Read each statement carefully and check each box after doing so. Additionally, ensure that you are in a safe and private place before proceeding. Please do not continue with the backup process if you are in a public area! Tap [Reveal my recovery phrase] to see your 12-word phrase on the following screen. Write down your 12-word recovery phrase in the right order.  We do not recommend that you screenshot your recovery phrase. Tap [Continue] once you have finished writing the 12-word phrase down and cross-checked to make sure you got them right. Confirm your recovery phrase by tapping the words in the right order before tapping [Continue]. Success! Your recovery phrase is backed up. Tap [Back to Home] to start managing your crypto and digital assets. 
Where can I revisit my recovery phrase and security tips?
 Go to Settings > Security, tap [Recovery Phrase] Enter your passcode to revisit your recovery phrase Tap [Continue] and go back to Settings Please note that this action will also remove your connection to Crypto.com App if you have connected your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to it.  1. Make sure you have backed up your recovery phrase and written down the 12-word phrase correctly and in the right order 2. Go to Settings > Security and tap [Remove Wallet from Device] 3. Enter your 4 randomized recovery phrases as per requested and tap [Remove Wallet] 4. You will see a “Wallet removed” modal and the onboarding screen of the app 5. You may recover your wallet again on a new device by tapping [Import an existing wallet] with your recovery phrase after downloading Crypto.com Wallet App 6. To help protect your account, please immediately remove the previous authentication key from your authenticator app 2 3 4 We support the following cryptocurrencies on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet: Symbol Name Network $MAID MaidCoin ETH 10SET 10Set Token ETH 1ART OneArt FANTOM-ERC20 1INCH 1inch ETH, BSC, AVAX-ERC20 A5T Alpha5 ETH aAAVE Aave interest bearing AAVE ETH AAC Acute Angle Cloud ETH AAVE Aave ETH, AVAX-ERC20, FANTOM-ERC20 aBAL Aave interest bearing BAL ETH aBAT Aave interest bearing BAT ETH aBUSD Aave interest bearing BUSD ETH ACH Alchemy Pay ETH aCRV Aave interest bearing CRV ETH ACS ACryptoS BEP20 Tokens ADA Cardano BSC, CRONOS aDAI Aave interest bearing DAI ETH ADEL Akropolis Delphi ETH ADS Adshares BEP20 aENJ Aave interest bearing ENJ ETH AGEUR Angle Protocol POLYGON AGIX SingularityNET Token ETH AGLD Adventure Gold ETH aGUSD Aave interest bearing GUSD ETH AKITA Akita Inu ETH aKNC Aave interest bearing KNC ETH AKRO Akropolis ETH AKT Akash Network CRONOS ALCX Alchemix ETH ALI Alethea Artificial Liquid Intelligence Token ETH ALICE My Neighbor Alice ETH, BSC aLINK Aave interest bearing LINK ETH ALPACA Alpaca Finance BSC, Fantom-ERC20 ALPHA AlphaToken ETH, BSC ALPHA Aavegotchi ALPHA POLYGON ALU Altura BSC aMANA Aave interest bearing MANA ETH aMKR Aave interest bearing MKR ETH AMP Amp ETH AMPL Ampleforth ETH ANKR Ankr ETH, BSC ANN Annex Finance BSC, CRONOS ANRX AnRKey ETH ANT Aragon ETH ANY Anyswap ETH AOA Ape Of Arena BSC AOG AgeOfGods BSC APE ApeCoin ETH, CRONOS API3 API3 ETH APW APWine Finance ETH APX ApolloX BSC aREN Aave interest bearing REN ETH ARTRINO Art Rino BEP20 ARV Ariva ETH aSNX Aave interest bearing SNX ETH ASPO ASPO World BSC aSUSD Aave interest bearing SUSD ETH ATA Automata Network ETH, BSC ATLAS Star Atlas ERC20, BSC ATOM Cosmos Cosmos, CRONOS ATRI Atari Token ETH aTUSD Aave interest bearing TUSD ETH AUCTION Bounce ETH AUDIO Audius ETH aUNI Aave interest bearing UNI ETH AURORA Aurora CRONOS AURY Aurory BSC aUSDC Aave interest bearing USDC ETH aUSDT Aave interest bearing USDT ETH AVA Travala.com ERC20, BSC AVAX Avalanche CRONOS, FANTOM-ERC20, Moonbeam-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 aWBTC Aave interest bearing WBTC ETH aWETH Aave interest bearing WETH ETH AXS Axie Infinity ETH, Fantom-ERC20 aXSUSHI Aave interest bearing XSUSHI ETH aYFI Aave interest bearing YFI ETH aZRX Aave interest bearing ZRX ETH BABY BabySwap BSC BabyDoge Baby Doge Coin BSC BADGER Badger ETH BAKE BakeryToken BSC BAL Balancer ETH, Arbitrum-ERC20 BANANA ApeSwap Finance BSC, ETH-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 BAND Band Protocol (ERC20)*** ETH BASED BasedFinance Fantom-ERC20 BAT Basic Attention Token ETH, Avalanche-ERC20 BCH Bitcoin Cash Bitcoin Cash BCMC Blockchain Monster Hunt ETH BCOIN Bombcrypto BSC BCRO Bonded Cronos BCRO BCUG Blockchain Cuties Universe Governance ETH BDT Block Duelers NFT Battles ETH BE Mercor Finance BSC BEL Bella Protocol ETH BELT Belt Finance BSC BEM BEMIL Coin BSC BEPRO BEPRO Network ETH BETU BetU BSC BFG BFG Token BSC BICO Biconomy ETH BIFI Beefy.Finance BSC, AVAX-ERC20, FANTOM-ERC20 BIFI Beefy Finance POLYGON, Arbitrum-ERC20, Celo-ERC20, Moonriver-ERC20 BIN Binemon BSC BIT BitDAO ETH BLANK BlockWallet Polygon BLEU BleuFi BSC BLOK Bloktopia Polygon BLZ Bluzelle ERC20, BEP20 BMON Binamon BSC BNB BNB ETH, BSC BNT Bancor ETH BNX BinaryX BSC BOBA Boba Network ETH BOND BarnBridge Governance Token ETH BONE Bone ETH BOO SpookySwap FANTOM-ERC20 BOSON Boson Protocol ETH BP BunnyPark BSC BPT BlackPool ETH BRG Bridge Oracle BSC BRG.X Bridge$ BSC BRISE Bitgert BSC BSCPAD BSCPAD BSC BSTN Bastion Protocol Aurora-ERC20 BSW Biswap BSC BTC Bitcoin* BTC BTC Fantom Bitcoin Bridged Fantom-ERC20 BTC.b Bitcoin Avalanche Bridged Avax-ERC20 BTCB Bitcoin BEP2 BSC BTCST Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token BSC BTMX BitMax token ETH BTT BitTorrent BSC BTV BitValve ETH BUNI Bunicorn BSC BURGER Burger Swap BSC BUSD Binance USD ETH, BSC BUSD Binance USD BSC BZEN Bitzen.Space BEP20 Tokens BZRX bZx Protocol Token ETH C98 Coin98 ERC20, BSC CAKE PancakeSwap BSC CATGIRL Catgirl BSC CATPAY CATpay BSC cBAT Compound Basic Attention Token ETH CBG Chainbing ETH CCAR CryptoCars BSC cCOMP Compound Collateral ETH cDAI Compound Dai ETH CEL Celsius ETH CELO Celo Celo CELR Celer Network ETH, Arbitrum-ERC20 cETH Compound Ether ETH CEUR Celo Euro Celo-ERC20 CGG Chain Guardians ETH CGS Cougar CRONOS CHAIN Chain Games ETH CHESS Tranchess BSC CHI Xaya ETH CHR Chromia ETH, BSC CHSB SwissBorg ETH CHZ Chiliz ETH, POLYGON-ERC20 CINU Cheems Inu BSC CLIFF Clifford Inu ETH CLV Clover Finance ETH, BSC COCOS Cocos-BCX ETH COMP Compound ETH, Arbitrum-ERC20 COOK Cook Protocol ETH CoShi CoShi Inu ETH COTI COTI ETH, BSC, Arbitrum-ERC20 COV Covesting ETH, BSC COVAL Circuits of Value ETH COW CoW Protocol ETH CPAN CryptoPlanes BSC CPO Cryptopolis BSC CREAL Celo Brazilian Real Celo-ERC20 CREAM Cream ETH cREP Compound Augur ETH CRI Crypto International ETH CRN CroNodes CRONOS CRO Crypto.com Coin ETH, Crypto.org Chain CRV Curve DAO Token ETH, AVAX-ERC23, Arbitrum-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 CRX Crodex CRONOS, FANTOM-ERC20 CRYSTL Crystl Finance CRONOS cSAI Compound Sai ETH CTK CertiK Token BSC CTSI Cartesi ERC20, BSC, Arbitrum-ERC20 CTT CryptoTycoon BSC cUNI Compound Uniswap ETH CUSD Celo Dollar Celo-ERC20 cUSDC Compound USD Coin ETH cUSDT Compound USDT ETH cWBTC Compound Wrapped BTC ETH CWS Crowns ETH CXO CargoX ERC20 CXV Convex Finance ETH cZRX Compound 0x ETH DAI Dai ETH, BSC, CRONOS, AVAX-ERC20, FANTOM-ERC20, Arbitrum-ERC20, Optimism-ERC20, Aurora-ERC20, Moonriver-ERC20, Moonbeam-ERC20 DAO DAO Maker ETH DAR Mines of Dalarnia ETH, BSC DARK DarkCrypto Cronos-CRC20 DAWN Dawn Protocol ETH DBALL DrakeBall Token BSC DDL DeFi Degen Land BSC DDX DerivaDAO ETH DEER ToxicDeer Finance CRC20 Tokens DEP DEAPcoin ETH DERC DeRace ETH, BSC, CRONOS DERI Deri Protocol ETH,BSC DEUS DEUS Finance Fantom-ERC20 DEXE DeXe ETH, BSC DF dForce Arbitrum-ERC20 DFYN DFYN Token ETH, Polygon-ERC20 DG Decentral Games ETH DGA Doge Gamer BSC DHV DeHive ETH DIREWOLF Direwolf ETH DMA Dragoma Polygon DNXC DinoX ETH DODO DODO bird ETH DOGE Dogecoin Dogecoin, CRONOS DOGEDASH Doge Dash BSC DOME Everdome BEP20 DORA Dora Factory ETH DOT Polkadot Polkadot, CRONOS DPET My DeFi Pet ETH DPI DefiPulse Index ETH DPS DEEPSPACE BSC DPX Dopex Arbitrum-ERC20 DTA Belon DAO BSC DVF DeversiFi Token ETH DVI Dvision Network ETH DYDX dYdX ETH DYT DoYourTip ETH EDU EduCoin ETH EFI Efinity ETH EGLD Elrond BSC ELEF ELEF WORLD BSC ELF ELF ETH ELK Elk Finance BSC, CRONOS ELMON Elemon BSC ELON Dogelon Mars ETH, POLYGON ELT EdenLoop ETH EMAX EthereumMax ETH EMON Ethermon ETH EMPIRE Empire Token BSC ENJ Enjin Coin ETH, Polygon-ERC20 ENS Ethereum Name Service ETH EOS EOS BSC, CRONOS EPS Ellipsis BSC ERA Era Token (Era7) BSC ERD Elrond ETH ERN Ethernity Chain ETH eRSDL eRSDL unFederalReserve ETC Ethereum Classic BSC ETH Ethereum ETH, Aurora, BEP20,Fantom-ERC20, ThunderCore-ERC20 ETHW ETHPoW ETHPoW EWTB Energy Web Token Bridged ETH EXRD e-Radix ETH FARA FaraLand BSC FARM FARM Rewards Token ETH FEAR Fear ETH FEG FEGtoken ETH, BEP20 FEI Fei Protocol ETH FER FerroToken CRONOS FET Fetch.AI ETH, BSC FIL Filecoin BSC FINA Defina Finance BSC FINE Refinable BSC FIRA Defira CRC20 Tokens FITFI Step App Avalanche-ERC20 FITT Fitmint POLYGON-ERC20 FLOKI Floki Inu ETH, BSC FLUX Flux ETH, BSC FND Rare FND BEP20 FOC TheForce Trade BSC FOMO Aavegotchi FOMO POLYGON FORTH Ampleforth Governance ETH FOX FOX Token ETH FRAX Frax ETH,AVAX-ERC20, FANTOM-ERC20, Moonriver-ERC20, Aurora-ERC20, Optimism-ERC20, POLYGON-ERC20, ARBITRUM-ERC20 FROGGIES Froggies Token ETH FROYO Froyo Games BSC FST FST Futureswap FTM Fantom ETH, CRONOS, FANTOM-ERC20 FUD Aavegotchi FUD POLYGON FUN FunFair ETH FWC QATAR 2022 TOKEN BEP20 Tokens FXS Frax Share ETH, Fantom-ERC20, Aurora-ERC20, Optimism-ERC20, BSC, Polygon-ERC20 GAFI GameFi BSC GAL Project Galaxy FANTOM-ERC20, BSC GALA Gala ETH, BSC GAME GameCredits ETH GEIST Geist Finance FANTOM-ERC20 GEM Age Of Knights BSC GERO GeroWallet ETH GET GET Protocol ETH GF GuildFi ETH GFI Goldfinch ETH GFX GamyFi Platform ETH GGTK GGDApp ETH GHNY Girzzly Honey BEP20 Tokens GHST Aavegotchi ETH, POLYGON-ERC20 GHX GamerCoin ETH GLB Golden Ball BSC GLCH Glitch ETH GLM New Golem (ERC20)*** ETH GLMR Moonbeam Moonbeam GM GM Wagmi ETH GM GoldMiner BSC GMEE GAMEE ETH, BSC GMR GMR Finance BSC GMT GMT Token ETH, BSC GMT STEPN BSC GMX GMX Arbitrum-ERC20, Avalanche-ERC20 GNO Gnosis ETH, Arbitrum-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 GNS Gains Network Polygon GNT Golem ETH GODS Gods Unchained ETH GOG Guild of Guardians ETH GOT GoNetwork ETH GRAPE Grape Finance Avalanche-ERC20 GRT Graph Token ETH, Avalanche-ERC20 GRVE Grave CRONOS GST GreenSatoshiToken BEP20 GSWAP Gameswap ETH GTC Gitcoin ETH GUM Gourmet Galaxy ETH GUSD Gemini Dollar ETH GXT Gemma Extending Tech ETH GYRO Gyro BSC GZONE GameZone ETH HBTC Huobi BTC ETH HE Heroes & Empires BSC HEC Hector FANTOM-ERC20 HEDG HedgeTrade ETH HEGIC Hegic ETH HERO Metahero BSC HERO Step Hero BSC HEROEGG HeroFi BSC HEX HEX ETH HIGH Highstreet ETH HIPPO Hippo Protocol BSC HOD HoDooi BSC HOKK Hokkaidu Inu ETH HOT Holo ETH, Polygon-ERC20, GNOSIS-ERC20 HOTCROSS Hot Cross BSC HPAD HarmonyPad BSC HT HuobiToken ETH HUNNY PANCAKE HUNNY BSC HUSD HUSD ETH ICE Decentraland Games Ice POLYGON-ERC20 ICX Icon (ERC20)*** ETH IDLE Idle ETH IGG IG Gold ETH ILV Illuvium ETH IMMO ImmortalDAO Finance Celo-ERC20 IMX Immutable X ETH INJ Injective Token ETH, BSC INST Instadapp ETH INSUR InsurAce ETH IOI IOI ETH IOST IOSToken ETH IOTX IoTeX Network ETH IQN IQeon ETH IRIS IRISnet ETH IXT IX Token POLYGON-ERC20 JADE Jade Protocol Avax-ERC20 JASMY JasmyCoin ETH JOE JOE AVAX-ERC20 JONES Jones DAO Arbitrum-ERC20 JST Just BSC KABY Kaby Arena BSC KAI KardiaChain ETH, BSC KAVA Kava ETH KCS KuCoin Token ETH KDAI Dai Klaytn-ERC20 KEANU Keanu Inu ETH KEEP Keep Network ETH KEK Aavegotchi KEK POLYGON KEY Selfkey ERC20 KEYS Keys Token ETH KICK KickToken BSC KISHU Kishu Inu ETH KLAY Klaytn Klaytn KLEE KleeKai ETH KLIMA KlimaDAO Polygon KMON Kryptomon BSC KNC Kyber Network Crystal ETH KNC Kyber Network Crystal v2 Polygon KNCL KNC Legacy ETH KNIGHT Forest Knight POLYGON KOI Koi Network ETH KOK KOK Coin ETH KOLNET KOLnet Polygon KOM Kommunitas POLYGON-ERC20 KONO Konomi Network ETH, BSC KP3R Keep3rV1 ETH, Fantom-ERC20 KSP KLAYswap Protocol Klaytn-ERC20 KUMA Kuma Inu ETH LABRA Labra ETH LAZIO S.S. Lazio Fan Token BSC LDO Lido DAO Token ETH, OPTIMISM-ERC20 LEASH Doge Killer ETH LEMO LemoChain ETH LEND EthLend ETH LEO Bitfinex LEO Token ETH LFW Legend of Fantasy War BSC LIGHT Lightning BSC LINA Linear BSC LINK ChainLink ETH, CRONOS, AVAX-ERC20, FANTOM-ERC20, Arbitrum-ERC20, Optimism-ERC20 LIT Litentry ETH LKT LuckyToken BSC LLG Lucid Lands BSC LON LON Tokenlon Network Token LOOKS LooksRare ETH LOOT NFTLootBox ETH LOVE Deesse ETH LPT Livepeer Token ETH, Arbitrum-ERC20 LRC LoopringCoin V2 ETH, Arbitrum-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 LTC Litecoin* LTC LTO LTO Network ETH, BSC LUNA Terra CRONOS LYXe LUKSO ETH MAGIC MAGIC ARBITRUM-ERC20 MAHA MahaDAO ETH MANA Decentraland ETH, Polygon-ERC20 MARK Benchmark Protocol ETH MASK Mask Network ERC20, BSC MAT My Master War BSC MATH MATH BSC MATIC Polygon ETH, MATIC,CRONOS MBOX Mobox BSC MC Merit Circle ETH MCB MCB MCDEX MCC MultiChainCapital ETH, BSC MCHC MCHC My Crypto Heroes MCO MCO ETH MDX Mdex BSC MEDA Medacoin BSC METF Mad Meerkat ETF CRONOS METIS MetisDAO ETH, BSC METIS Metis Metis MFAM Moonwell Moonriver-ERC20 MFT Mainframe Token ETH MIM Magic Internet Money Fantom-ERC20, Arbitrum-ERC20 MIMAS Mimas CRONOS MIOTA IOTA BSC MIR Mirror Protocol ETH MIST Mist BSC MITH Mithril ETH MKR Maker ETH, Polygon-ERC20 MLN Melon ETH MM Million ETH MMF MM Finance CRONOS, POLYGON-ERC20 MMO MM Optimizer CRONOS MNTO Minato POLYGON MOBI Mobius Money Celo-ERC20 MONI Monsta Infinite BSC MONSTA Cake Monster BSC MOO Moola Market Celo-ERC20 MOOV Dotmoovs ETH MOVR Moonriver Moonriver MOWA Moniwar BSC MPL MetaPlanet BSC MPL Maple ETH MRCR DATA ERC20 MSHARE Savanna Share Cronos-CRC20 MTA Meta ETH MTD Minted CRC20 Tokens MULTI Multichain ETH MUST Cometh ETH MVC Multiverse Capital BSC NAOS NAOSToken ETH NAV Navcoin BSC NESS Darkness Share CRONOS NEST NEST ETH NEXO Nexo ETH NFTART NFT Art Finance BEP20 NFTB NFTb BSC NFTL NFTLaunch ETH NFTX NFTX ETH NITRO Nitroleague POLYGON-ERC20 NKN NKN ETH NMR Numeraire ETH NMS Nemesis DAO BSC NWC Newscrypto ETH NXM Nexus Mutual ETH NYT New Year Token BSC OCEAN Ocean Token ETH oETH Ethereum Klatyn-ERC20 OGN Origin Protocol ETH OHM Olympus ETH OKB OKB ETH OLO OolongSwap Boba-ERC20 OM MANTRA DAO ERC20, BEP20 OMG OmiseGO ETH ONE BigONE Token ETH ONE Harmony (ERC20)*** ETH ONT Ontology BSC OOE OpenOcean ETH, BEP20, Polygon, AVAX-ERC20 OOKI Ooki Protocol ETH ORB Orb ETH ORBS Orbs ETH, BEP20 ORN Orion Protocol ETH, FANTOM-ERC20 oUSDT Tether Klaytn-ERC20 OXT Orchid ETH PACOCA Pacoca BSC PAID PAID Network ETH PAPPAY PAPPAY BSC PAX Paxos Standard ETH PAXG Paxos Gold ETH PBR PolkaBridge Polygon, ERC20, BEP20 PBTC pTokens BTC ETH PDEX Polkadex ERC20 PEEL Meta Apes BEP20 PENDLE Pendle ETH, CRONOS PEOPLE ConstitutionDAO ETH PERP Perpetual ETH PES PegasusDollar CRC20 Tokens PETS MicroPets BSC PEX Pexcoin BSC PEX PearDAO BSC PHA Phala Network ETH PIZA HalfPizza BSC PKR Polker ETH PKT Playkey ETH PLA PlayDapp ETH PLY Aurigami Aurora-ERC20 PMON Polkamon ETH PNG Pangolin Avalanche-ERC20 POLS Polkastarter ERC20, BSC POLY Polymath ERC20 POOLZ Poolz Finance BEP20, ETH PORTO FC Porto Fan Token BSC POSI Position Exchange BSC PRE Presearch ETH PREMIA Premia ETH PROM Token Prometeus Network ETH, BEP20 PRQ PARSIQ CRONOS PSP ParaSwap ETH PTP Platypus Finance AVAX-ERC20 PVU Plant Vs Undead BSC PWAR PolkaWar BSC PYR Vulcan Forged PYR ETH QI BENQI AVAX-ERC20 QNT Quant ETH QRDO Qredo ETH, CRONOS RACA Radio Caca ETH, BSC RAD Radicle ETH RADAR DappRadar ETH, CRONOS RAI Rai Reflex Index Avax-ERC20 RAIL Railgun ETH RARE SuperRare ETH RARI Rarible ETH RAY Raydium BEP20 RBC Rubic ETH RDN Raiden Network ETH RDPX Dopex Rebate Token Arbitrum-ERC20 REALM Realm ETH, BSC REEF Reef ETH, BSC REN Republic ETH RENA Warena BSC renBTC renBTC ETH REP Augur ETH REPv2 Augur v2 ETH REVO Revomon ETH REVV REVV ETH, BEP20, Polygon RFOX RedFOX Labs ETH RGT Rari Governance Token ETH RHT Reward Hunters Token BSC RING Darwinia Network ETH RISE EverRise Avax-ERC20 RLC iExec RLC ETH RNDR Render Token ETH ROCKI ROCKI ETH ROOK ROOK ETH ROOM OptionRoom BSC ROSE Rose Aurora-ERC20 ROSE Oasis Network BEP20, ETH, Avax-ERC20 ROYA Royale Finance ETH RPG Revolve Games BSC RPL Rocket Pool ETH RSR Reserve Rights ETH RSS3 RSS3 ETH RUNE THORChain ETH.RUNE ETH RVST Revest Finance ETH SAI Single Collateral DAI ETH SAITAMA Saitama Inu ETH SAITO Saito ETH, BSC SAND The Sandbox ETH, Polygon SANSHU Sanshu Inu ETH SASHIMI Sashimi ETH SATT SaTT ETH, BEP20 sBTC Synth sBTC ETH SCREAM Scream FANTOM-ERC20 SCT Clash Token ETH SEA StarSharks SEA BSC SEUR sEUR ETH SFI saffron.finance ETH SFL Sunflower Land POLYGON SFP SafePal BSC SFUND Seedify.fund BSC SGE SOCIETY OF GALACTIC EXPLORATION ETH SGMT SuperStep BEP20 SHIB SHIBA INU ETH, CRONOS SHIBADOGE Shibadoge ETH SHIH Shih Tzu ETH SHILL SHILL Token BSC SHROOM Niftyx Protocol ETH SIN Sin City Metaverse BSC SINGLE Single Finance CRONOS SINU Strong Inu ETH SIS Symbiosis Finance ETH, Arbitrum-ERC20 SKILL CryptoBlades BSC SKL SKALE Network ETH SLD SoldiersLand BSC SLP Smooth Love Potion ETH SMI SafeMoon Inu ETH SNT StatusNetwork ETH SNX Synthetix Network Token ETH, Fantom-ERC20, Optimism-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 SOGE SPACE HOGE ETH SOL Solana CRONOS SOLAR Solarbeam Moonriver-ERC20 SOS OpenDao ETH SOUL Phantasma ETH, BSC SPA Sperax ETH, Arbitrum-ERC20 SPELL Spell Token ETH, FANTOM-ERC20, AVAX-ERC21, ARBITRUM-ERC21 SPG Space Crypto BSC SPHERE Cronosphere Cronos-CRC20 SPIRIT SpiritSwap FANTOM-ERC21 SPOOKYSHIBA SpookyShiba BSC SPS Splintershards BSC SPWN Bitspawn ETH SRM Serum ETH SRN SIRIN LABS Token ETH SSS StarSharks (SSS) BSC STAKE xDAI Stake ETH STARL StarLink ETH STARS Mogul Productions ETH stETH stETH ETH STG Stargate Finance ETH, FANTOM-ERC23, AVAX-ERC20, Arbitrum-ERC20 stMATIC Lido Staked Matic Polygon-ERC20 STMX StormX ETH STORJ Storj ETH STPT STPT Standard Tokenization Protocol STRAX Stratis ETH STRK Strike ETH STRP Strips Finance ETH STRX StrikeX BSC SUPER SuperFarm ETH SURE inSure DeFi ERC20, BSC, AVAX-ERC20 sUSD Synth sUSD ETH, Optimism-ERC20 SUSHI SushiToken ETH,AVAX-ERC20 SUSHI SushiSwap FANTOM-ERC20, Polygon, Celo-ERC20, Arbitrum-ERC20 SVN Savanna CRONOS SWAP TrustSwap ETH SWAPP SWAPP Protocol ETH, BSC, CRONOS SWFTC SwftCoin ETH SWRV Swerve ETH SXP Swipe ETH, BSC SYLO Sylo ETH SYMM Symmetric Celo-ERC20, Gnosis-ERC20, ETH-ERC20 SYN Synapse Arbitrum-ERC20, Boba-ERC20, Fantom-ERC20, Aurora-ERC20 TAUD TrueAUD ETH TCAD TrueCAD ETH TCT TokenClub ETH, BSC TDX Tidex Token BEP20 TEDDY Teddy Doge BSC TEDDY Teddy Doge ETH TEL Telcoin ETH TEMPLE TempleDAO BSC TEND Tendies Token ETH TENDIE TendieSwap BSC TGBP TrueGBP ETH THETA Theta Token (ERC20)*** ETH THG Thetan Arena BSC THN Throne ETH THOR Thor Avax-ERC20 TIME Wonderland AVAX-ERC20 TINC Tiny Coin BSC TKINU Tsuki Inu ETH TKO Toko Token BSC TLM Alien Worlds ETH TLOS Telos ETH TOKE Tokemak ERC20 TON Toncoin ETH, BSC TONIC Tectonic CRONOS TOR TOR Fantom-ERC20 TOWER TOWER ETH TRAC OriginTrail ERC20 TRB Tellor ETH TREEB Retreeb Fantom-ERC20 TRI Trisolaris Aurora-ERC20 TRIBE Tribe ETH TRU TrueFi ETH TRX Tron BSC TT ThunderCore ThunderCore TUSD TrueUSD ETH,CRONOS,AVAX-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 UBE Ubeswap Celo-ERC20 UBT UniBright ETH UFO The Truth ETH UMA UMA Voting Token v1 ETH UMAMI Umami Finance Arbitrum-ERC20 UNCX UniCrypt ETH UNI Uniswap ETH, Avalanche-ERC20, Polygon, ARBITRUM-ERC20 UOS Ultra ETH UQC Uquid Coin ETH USDC USD Coin ETH, Cronos, Polygon, Fantom-ERC20, Avalanche-ERC20, Aurora-ERC20, Gnosis-ERC20, Metis-ERC20, Moonbeam-ERC20, Moonriver, BEP20, ThunderCore-ERC20 USDN Neutrino USD ETH USDs Sperax USD Arbitrum-ERC20 USDT Tether ETH, Cronos, Polygon, Avax-ERC20, Fantom-ERC20, Arbitrum-ERC20, Gnosis-ERC20, Metis-ERC20, Optimism-ERC20, Aurora-ERC20, Moonriver-ERC20, Moonbeam-ERC20, ThunderCore-ERC20 UST TerraUSD ETH, BSC UTK Utrust ETH VAI Vai BSC VALOR Valor Token ETH VELO Velodrome Finance Optimism-ERC20 VEMP vEmpire DDAO ETH VEN VeChain (ERC20)*** ETH VGX Voyager ETH VIBE Vibe ETH VIDT VIDT Datalink ETH VIDYA VIDYA Vidya VIS Vigorus POLYGON-ERC20 VNLA Vanilla Network ETH VOXEL Voxies Polygon-ERC20 VPND VaporNodes Avax-ERC20 VRA Verasity ETH VRT Venus Reward Token BSC VRX Verox ETH VSHARE V3S Share CRC20 Tokens VSTA Vesta Finance Arbitrum-ERC20 VULC Vulcano BSC vUSDC Venus USDC BSC VVS VVS Finance CRONOS WAG WagyuSwap ETH, BSC WAN Wanchain ETH WAVAX Wrapped AVAX Avax-ERC20 WAVES Waves ETH WAX WAX Token ETH WAXE WAXE ETH WBNB Wrapped BNB BSC WBTC Wrapped BTC ETH, Cronos, Avax-ERC22, Arbitrum-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20, Optimism-ERC20, Gnosis-ERC20, Aurora-ERC20 wCELO Wrapped Celo ETH WCK Wrapped Basic CryptoKitties ETH WCRO Wrapped Crypto.com Coin CRONOS WDOGE Wrapped DogeCoin ETH WETH Wrapped Ether ETH, CRONOS WETH WETH Aurora-ERC20, Arbitrum-ERC20, Polygon, Gnosis-ERC20, Metis-ERC20 WETH.e Ethereum AVAX-ERC20 WFIL Wrapped Filecoin ETH WFTM Wrapped Fantom Fantom-ERC20, Moonbeam-ERC20 WGLMR Wrapped Moonbeam Moonbeam-ERC20 WHALE WHALE ETH WILD Wilder World ETH WIN WINkLink BSC wMANA Wrapped Decentraland MANA ETH WMATIC Wrapped Matic Polygon, BEP20 WMOVR Wrapped Moonriver Moonriver WNCG Wrapped NCG (Nine Chronicles Gold) ETH WNT Wicrypt Polygon-ERC20 WOO Wootrade Network ETH WOOFY Woofy ETH WOOP Woonkly Power BEP20, ETH WRLD NFT Worlds ETH WRX WarzirX BEP20 WSG Wall Street Games BSC WTC Waltonchain (ERC20)*** ETH WVG0 Wrapped Virgin Gen-0 CryptoKitties ETH WXT Wirex Token ETH, AVAX-ERC20 XAVA Avalaunch Avax-ERC20 xDAI xDAI Gnosis XDCE XinFin XDCE ETH XED Exeedme ETH, BEP20, Polygon xFER FerroBar CRONOS XFT Offshift ETH XLM Stellar** Stellar, CRONOS XMT MetalSwap POLYGON XPR Proton ETH XRP Ripple** XRP XSUSHI xSUSHI ETH XTM Torum BEP20, Polygon xTonic xTonic CRONOS XVC XCarnival BSC XVS Venus BSC xVVS VVSBar CRONOS XWG X World Games BSC XYO XYO ETH YAE Cryptonovae ETH yDAI iearn DAI ETH YETI Yeti Finance AVAX-ERC20 YF-DAI YFDAI.FINANCE ETH YFI yearn.finance ETH, FANTOM-ERC20, ARBITRUM-ERC20 YFII DFI.money ETH YGG Yield Guild Games ETH YOOSHI Yooshi BSC ySUSD iearn SUSD ETH yTUSD iearn TUSD ETH yUSDC iearn USDC ETH yUSDT iearn USDT ETH yWBTC iearn WBTC ETH ZEC Zcash BSC ZIG Zigcoin ETH, BSC ZIL Zilliqa BSC ZIL Zilliqa (ERC20)*** ETH ZLK Zenlink Moonriver-ERC20 ZOON CryptoZoon BSC ZRX Ox ETH, AVAX-ERC24 ZUKI Zuki Moba BSC HNY Honey Polygon-ERC20 QI QiDao Polygon-ERC20 BCT Toucan Protocol: Base Carbon Tonne Polygon-ERC20 LDO Lido DAO Polygon-ERC20 GRT The Graph Polygon-ERC20, Arbitrum-ERC20 1INCH 1inch Network Polygon-ERC20 DODO DODO ARBITRUM-ERC20 XSGD XSGD POLYGON-ERC20 CEEK CEEK VR ETH-ERC20 SWEAT Sweat Economy ETH-ERC20 XMON XMON ETH-ERC20 REQ Request ETH-ERC20 FORT Forta ETH-ERC20 ARPA ARPA Chain ETH-ERC20 POND Marlin ETH-ERC20 TVK Virtua ETH-ERC20 IDEX IDEX ETH-ERC20 NCT PolySwarm ETH-ERC20 BNI Bitindi Chain BEP20 TIFI TiFi Token BEP20 WOM Wombat Exchange BEP20 ZKS ZKSpace ETH-ERC20 NEX Nash ETH-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 KLEVA KLEVA Protocol KLAYTYN-ERC20 ARGO Argo Finance CRONOS-CRC20 CRON Cron CRONOS-CRC20 PHNX Phenix Finance CRONOS-CRC20 NISHIB Nitro Shiba ARBITRUM-ERC20 MYC Mycelium ARBITRUM-ERC20 RDNT Radiant ARBITRUM-ERC20 ZED ZED Token ETH-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 ANML Animal Concerts ETH-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 QUICK QuickSwap ETH-ERC20, Polygon-ERC20 RPL Rocket Pool POLYGON-ERC20 BAND Band Protocol ARBITRUM-ERC20 TETU TETU POLYGON-ERC20 MESH Meshswap Protocol POLYGON-ERC20 MVX Metavault Trade POLYGON-ERC20 SDT Stake DAO ETH-ERC20 HOP Hop Protocol ETH-ERC20, OPTIMISM-ERC20, ARBITRUM-ERC20 FLOW Flow ETH-ERC20 XCN Chain ETH-ERC20, BSC-BEP20 PLS PlutusDAO ARBITRUM-ERC20 LON Tokenlon Network Token ARBITRUM-ERC20 MHUNT MetaShooter POLYGON-ERC20 IUX GeniuX POLYGON-ERC20 SROCKET Stable One Rocket POLYGON-ERC20 GMD GMD Protocol ARBITRUM-ERC20 CANDY Bored Candy City CRONOS-CRC20 CLMRS Crolon Mars CRONOS-CRC20 LCRO Liquid CRO CRONOS-CRC20 TROLL Trollcoin CRONOS-CRC20 CROID Cronos ID CRONOS-CRC20 * For BTC/LTC, please note that Crypto.com DeFi Wallet currently supports sending BTC/LTC with SegWit address. As for receiving BTC/LTC into your SegWit wallet, you may send BTC/LTC from your Legacy or SegWit address - as long as your current wallet supports sending to SegWit. If you have imported an external wallet on Crypto.com DeFi Wallet with Legacy BTC/LTC addresses, unfortunately, the legacy balances will not be displayed on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet.  You can learn more here.  ** For XRP/XLM, please note that if your XRP/XLM wallet is a new wallet, you will need to receive at least 20 XRP/1XLM in your first receive transaction to activate the wallet due to the minimum balance requirement of the XRP and XLM Ledger.  You can learn more here.  *** For WTC/VEN/ICX/BAND/GLM/ONE/THETA/ZIL, please note that Crypto.com DeFi Wallet supports the ERC20 version. Withdrawals of WTC/VET/ICX/BAND (Mainnet) from the Crypto.com App to the DeFi Wallet are not supported.  **** For BCH, please note that Crypto.com DeFi Wallet currently supports sending BCH with Cash Address. Unfortunately, if you have imported an external wallet on Crypto.com DeFi Wallet with Legacy BCHaddresses, the legacy balances will not be displayed on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet.
How do I create or import multiple wallets on my Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app?
 You need to first create/import a wallet and then you can add another wallet again by following the steps below. Please note that we’re currently supporting multiple-recovery phrase wallets; each wallet created/imported has its own recovery phrase.  From the home screen, tap on your avatar on the top-left corner of the screen In Settings, tap on the dropdown below your avatar to switch wallets Tap ‘Add new wallet’  You can choose to create a new wallet or import an existing wallet Accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy to proceed to the next step. We will select ‘Create a new wallet’ for this guide Every crypto wallet you create or own has a recovery phrase that enables access. Be sure to back up your 12-word recovery phrase and keep it in a secure, physical location Step 5: Give your wallet a unique name. You will be redirected back to the home screen, where you will see your newly created wallet as your active wallet 
How are the settings configured across multiple wallets?
 There are a few settings of the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app that are shared across wallets and some that are specific to individual wallets.  The following settings are shared across wallets, in other words, once you have enabled the settings in one of the wallets, the same will be applied to the rest of your wallet: Security settings: Passcode, Face ID, and 2-Factor Authentication Email communications The following are specific to individual wallets: Recovery phrase Wallet balance Please note that you can only connect one wallet to your Crypto.com App account at a time. 
How can I customize my wallet name or switch to a different wallet?
 You can set a personalized name for your wallet, so you can easily recognize it. There is no limit on the number of times you can rename a wallet, and it can be changed at any time. Go to the Wallet Settings menu from: The home screen: Tap on your avatar on the top-left corner of the screen Settings: Tap on the dropdown below your avatar Tap ‘•••’ next to the wallet you wish to rename Input the new wallet name Tap ‘Confirm’  You can easily switch to another wallet by: Going to the Wallet Settings menu via (i) the home screen or (ii) Settings Selecting the wallet you wish to use You’ll see that your active wallet has been updated when you return to the home screen 
What’s Manage Tokens and how does it work?
 With the Manage Tokens setting, you can easily decide which coins you'd like to display in the DeFi Wallet's homepage. Access this setting by tapping "Manage Tokens" in the homepage or navigating to Settings > Manage Tokens.  When you access the Manage Tokens menu, decide which tokens you’d like to display by scrolling down the list and toggling them on or off.
How do I add a token that I've removed back to the homepage?
 In the Manage Tokens menu, enter the token that you're looking for in the search bar. Once it appears, toggle it on and it'll be added back to your homepage.  Alternatively, tap Find Tokens With Balances to search for all tokens that you have balances in. You can then decide whether to toggle them on and add them to your homepage.
What’s the Find Tokens With Balances button and how does it work?
 The Find Tokens With Balances button can help you to search for every token that you have a balance in. This includes tokens that you have previously toggled off but have balances in or tokens that you have recently acquired a balance in.  After tapping the button, the DeFi Wallet will begin searching. The progress bar shows you how much time is left until the search is complete.  Once this is complete, all tokens that you have balances in will be displayed. Tokens that you have balances in but are toggled off will be shown at the top of the list.
Why don't my token balances show up all the time in the Manage Tokens menu?
 After tapping Find Tokens With Balances, all tokens that you have balances in along with their current amount will be displayed. This lets you decide which tokens to show in the homepage. These tokens and balances will not be displayed when you exit and re-enter the Manage Tokens menu.  If you would like to view your token balances, you can easily access them in the homepage. To view an individual token's balance, simply navigate to its page. You can view its price details and your transaction history there as well.    Occasionally, due to the congested network traffic or app traffic, the DeFi Wallet app will encounter display issues that lead to your balances and transaction history not showing up.  Please rest assured that your crypto assets are safe, as the DeFi Wallet app is a non-custodial app - Crypto.com does not hold your crypto, your crypto assets always follow your private keys, aka your recovery phrase. The DeFi Wallet app is only an app interface to display your crypto balances and provide an easy UI for you to manage your crypto assets.  Your recovery phrase allows you access to your crypto assets, always backup your recovery phrase and keep it safe! You can easily import your crypto assets with your recovery phrase into other wallet app interfaces to see and manage your crypto assets.  ETH & ERC-20 tokens: https://etherscan.io/ BTC/LTC/XRP/XLM: https://blockchair.com/ ATOM: https://www.mintscan.io/cosmos CRO (Crypto.org Chain): https://crypto.org/explorer/ When depositing/withdrawing crypto on your DeFi Wallet, please note that you can only send/withdraw tokens on the same network. What does that mean? For example, if you have an amount in CRO on the Cronos Network, you can only send or withdraw that amount on the same network - Cronos. 
Steps to choosing a Network:
 Tap on "Receive" Select the coin you want to receive from the coin list. 3. Select the respective network for your deposit. 4. Copy and paste/scan the recipient address and destination tag/memo, if applicable  Getting Started - DeFi Wallet Which cryptocurrencies are supported in the Crypto.com DeFi wallet? How do I connect my Crypto.com App to Crypto.com DeFi Wallet?
Where to Download Wallet Extension?
 You can download Crypto.com Wallet Extension by clicking this link below: https://wallet.crypto.com/api/v1/extension/dl  And tap “Keep” on your browser to allow the download of the crx file.  Then, a crx file will be downloaded to your desktop which is the install package of wallet extension. 
How to Install Wallet Extension?
 Step1: Tap “Manage Extensions” from the drop-down menu:  Step2: Switch your account to “Developer mode” by turning on the button on the right corner:  Step3: Drag the crx file you downloaded before to this page: Step4: Tap “Add extension” to confirm the installation:  Then you will find that Crypto.com | Wallet Extension has been added to Chrome. 
What is Crypto.com Wallet Extension?
 Crypto.com Wallet Extension is a browser-based plug-in that makes it possible for you to easily and securely connect to decentralized apps (DApps). Previously, accessing DApps was a tedious process because you had to open your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet mobile app to complete each connection. Now, you can freely browse and play around with DApps using Wallet Extension, which acts as a gateway to accessing them from the web browser on your computer.  Now we are supporting both Bridge and Standalone modes of wallet extension:  On Bridge mode, you only need to scan the Wallet Extension’s QR code once to link your DeFi Wallet and access all your DApps.Transactions need to be approved via your DeFi Wallet mobile app to ensure security.  On Standalone mode, you can connect DApps with Wallet Extension and confirm transactions on extension without DeFi Wallet mobile app.  You can always switch over after you select one specific mode. 
How do I Switch Mode on Wallet Extension?
 Step 1: Go to settings and tap “Wallet Mode” Step 2: Tap the specific mode you want to switch to and tap “Switch now” to confirm Please notice that switching modes from Standalone Wallet to Bridge will result in your current Standalone Wallet’s data and connection data being cleared. 
How do I install and connect Crypto.com Wallet Extension?
 Step 1: Go to the Crypto.com Wallet Extension download page and click ‘Add to Chrome’ to initiate the installation. Step 2: Open the QR scanner on your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet mobile app which can be downloaded via the link https://crypto.com/defi-wallet  and scan the QR code in the extension pop-up to connect if you want to use Bridge mode of Wallet Extension as well.
How do I connect to DApps with Crypto.com Wallet Extension?
 Follow the simple steps below to connect to any DApp (e.g. DeFi Swap interface): Step 1: Click ‘Connect Wallet’ on the DApp interface  Step 2: Tap ‘Crypto.com | Wallet Extension’ 
Do I still need to use the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet mobile app to access DApps?
 The answer is yes if you are using Bridge mode of the wallet extension. All token approval and transactions initiated via Wallet Extension need to be confirmed using your DeFi Wallet to ensure security.  If you are using the standalone mode of extension, you can confirm every transaction initiated from DApp via extension only. 
Can I create a new wallet on Crypto.com Wallet Extension?
 On standalone mode of wallet extension, you can import an existing wallet using your recovery phrase or create a new wallet on wallet extension.  If you are using the standalone mode of wallet extension, you can only import your existing wallet on the DeFi Wallet mobile app by scanning the QR code. 
Will my private keys be stored in Crypto.com Wallet Extension?
 On standalone mode, your recovery phrase and private keys are stored on wallet extension and you can check your recovery phrase anytime if you key in the passcode.  On Bridge mode, your recovery phrase and private keys are stored in your DeFi Wallet mobile app. 
Which networks are supported by Crypto.com Wallet Extension?
 Currently, we are supporting  the Ethereum network, Cronos Beta, Crypto.org, Cosmos and Binance Smart Chian and we are working to integrate more chains and allow users to manually add new chains to their wallet extension. 
Which browsers support Crypto.com Wallet Extension?
 Currently, you can download Crypto.com Wallet Extension in Chrome. We are planning to introduce more browsers in the future. 
Wallet Management
Why are my balances not showing on the DeFi Wallet?
 Occasionally, due to the congested network traffic or app traffic, the DeFi Wallet app will encounter display issues.  These issues lead to your balances and transaction history not showing up.  Please rest assured that your crypto assets are safe, as the DeFi Wallet app is a non-custodial app - Crypto.com does not hold your crypto, your crypto assets always follow your private keys, aka your recovery phrase. The DeFi Wallet app is only an app interface to display your crypto balances and provide an easy UI for you to manage your crypto assets.  Your recovery phrase allows you access to your crypto assets, always backup your recovery phrase and keep it safe! You can easily import your crypto assets with your recovery phrase into other wallet app interfaces to see and manage your crypto assets.  ETH & ERC-20 tokens: https://etherscan.io/ BTC/LTC/XRP/XLM: https://blockchair.com/ ATOM: https://www.mintscan.io/cosmos CRO (Crypto.org Chain): https://crypto.org/explorer/
What information do I need to provide if I want to import a network to wallet extension?
 Network Name: You can choose any name for the network imported manually by yourself.  RPC URL: An RPC (remote procedure call) endpoint is like a node's address: it's a URL to which requests for blockchain data can be sent to.  Chain ID: This is a unique ID number, which is provided by the Blockchain network that you interact with.  Currency Symbol: You can pick an appropriate symbol from the ticker.  Token Decimal: Decimals refer to how divisible a token can be, from 0 (not at all divisible) to 18 (pretty much continuous) and even higher if required.  Explorer URL: This is an optional parameter. It is a URL that you can use to access Block Explorer. If you wish to get detailed information related to transactions, you may think about using this feature. 
An example of network configuration
 Network name: Polygon RPC URL: https://polygon-rpc.com/ Chain ID: 137 Currency Symbol: MATIC Token Decimal: 18 Explorer URL: https://polygonscan.com/ Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet supports staking operations, validator selections, and governance voting. Users can also view, send and mint NFTs directly, and much more from the Desktop Wallet. 
Table of Contents
 Custom your node configuration Crypto.org Chain Cronos Chain Change your App Language Auto Update Export your Wallet Recovery Phrase Address Book Clear your Storage Create Wallet Restore Wallet from Mnemonic Phrases Delete Wallet Wallet List Sending Transactions Receive Transactions Delegate to a validator Withdraw the reward from a validator Redelegate the staking from a validator Undelegate the staking from a validator Cast your vote for a proposal View voting history Submit proposals and deposit CRO to proposals Transfer an NFT Mint an NFT with your own Artwork Before the bridge transfer MAINNET BETA - Crypto.org Chain to Cronos Chain MAINNET BETA - Cosmos Hub Chain to Cronos Chain MAINNET BETA - Cronos Chain to Crypto.org Chain MAINNET BETA - Cronos Chain to Cosmos Hub Chain TESTNET - Crypto.org Chain to Cronos Chain TESTNET - Cronos Chain to Crypto.org Chain Initiate A Bridge Transfer Transaction Check Your Bridger Transfer History Choose your DApp Save your favorite DApp Connect to DApp Choose an EVM chain to connect Enter Your App Password
Using Desktop Wallet for the first time
 Step 1 - Download the latest Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet. Step 2 - Run the Desktop Wallet and click "Get Started".  Step 3 - Before creating or restoring your wallet, you need to create an App password to protect your desktop wallet. The password is required to be at least 8 characters, containing a letter, a number, and a special character.  Remark: It is recommended to create a stronger and unguessable password. A password labeled as "safe" and "strong" means that a person would have an extremely low probability to guess it correctly.  Step 4 - Choose between "Restore Wallet" and "Create Wallet" 
Settings
 You can change the node connection settings for every different wallet specifically.  Check the "Propagate the settings…" box if you would like to apply the current settings to all wallets with the same network type. Here are the default node configurations of different network types: Network Mainnet Testnet Croeseid 4 Node URL https://mainnet.crypto.org https://testnet-croeseid-4.crypto.org Chain Indexing URL https://crypto.org/explorer/api/v1/ https://crypto.org/explorer/croeseid4/api/v1/ Chain ID crypto-org-chain-mainnet-1 testnet-croeseid-4 Network Fee 10000 10000 Gas Limit 300000 300000 Network Mainnet Testnet3 Node URL https://evm.cronos.org https://evm-t3.cronos.org/ Chain Indexing URL https://cronos.org/explorer/api https://cronos.org/explorer/testnet3/api Chain ID 25 338 Network Fee 20000000000 42000000000 Gas Limit 50000 42000 Since v0.4.0, we support languages other than English. You’re able to choose your preferred language under Tab "General Configuration":  While we’re planning to bring more languages to the app, we also welcome your contribution to perfecting the translations. You may refer to Content Management for more details.  The opt-in Auto Update has been introduced since the release of v0.7.4. It is enabled by default. However, users are allowed to disable the application from being updated automatically for a certain period of time.  Once this is disabled, you’ll see its expiration date and time.  The wallet will resume auto-update once the above expiration date has passed.  Since v0.3.8, you are able to export your wallet recovery phrase. All the wallets in Desktop Wallet are encrypted with the app password, thus you are required to enter the correct app password to decrypt and export the wallet properly.  Step 1 - Under Tab "General Configuration," click "Export" in "Export your Recovery Phrase":  Step 2 - Enter the app password and decrypt the wallet. Step 3 - Now you can swipe through and write down all the Recovery Phrases in the correct order:  Address Book is where you may store some frequently used addresses. You are able to edit your Address Book as you preferred.  You will have quick access to any stored addresses in the Recipient Address field across the wallet.  You may come across occasions when you’ve forgotten your app password, or you would like to clean up the access of all the existing wallets inside the Desktop Wallet. You are able to safely reset the Desktop Wallet’s storage with the following steps:  Step 1 - Under Tab "Clear Storage", click "Clear Storage"  Step 2 - Make sure you’ve checked the checkbox and understood the consequences: Step 3 - Enter "CLEAR", then click "Clear Storage": When the Clear Storage process finishes, it brings you back to the Welcome Page and the Desktop Wallet becomes a brand new installed state again:
1. Wallet Menu
 This is where you could manage all your wallets, including Create, Restore, Delete, and switch between wallets. 
1.1 - Create Wallet
 Step 1 - Before your wallet is ready to be created, please make sure you select the following options accordingly: Input the wallet name of your choice. For the network, three options of "TESTNET Croeseid 4", "MAINNET", and "CUSTOM DEVNET" are given: ⦁	"TESTNET Croeseid 4" is our Cosmos-based testnet-croeseid-4. ⦁	"MAINNET" is referring to Crypto.org Chain mainnet. ⦁	You may also set up your own network with the custom configuration. In this demonstration, we will be creating a testnet address and connecting to the current testnet-croeseid-4, therefore, we select "TESTNET Croeseid 4" as the network option. Step 2 - After inputting the information, hit "Create Wallet" and the success window will pop up.  Step 3 - Once you click "Continue", the wallet will automatically generate the recovery phrase for users. Please make sure you record down all the phrases in order to restore your wallet in the future.  Step 4 - After you input the app password again, hit "Go to Home," which will bring you to the main dashboard. 
1.2 - Restore Wallet from Mnemonic Phrases
 When you select the option of "Restore Wallet," it brings you to the following window that allows you to input the wallet name and mnemonic phrase.  Step 1 - Input all the required information (make sure you input the correct information of your wallet) and then hit "Restore Wallet."  Step 2 - Then it requires you to input the app password you created when you initially installed the app.  Step 3 - After you input the app password, hit “Go to Home”, and it will bring you to the main dashboard. Now you have successfully restored your wallet! 
1.3 - Delete Wallet
 Step 1 - In the case that you would like to delete any of your wallets, you can do so by hitting the bottom left option and selecting the option "Delete Wallet":  Step 2 - Following that, a confirmation page will pop up with the wallet address, before deleting the wallet, please make sure you already have saved the phrase properly. If you have not backed up your wallet mnemonic phrase and deleted the wallet in the Desktop Wallet, this will result in losing your funds forever. Once you are ready to delete the wallet from the Desktop Wallet, hit "Confirm":  Step 3 - In the next window, please enter the words “DELETE” to further confirm, then click “Delete Wallet”. After a bit of loading time, the success page will show:
1.4 - Wallet List
 You can find the list of all your wallets by clicking the bottom left button and selecting the "Wallet List", and then all the inputted wallets will be displayed on the right interface.  You can select any wallet you would like to access by hitting "Select" under "Action." 
2. Transactions
2.1 - Sending Transactions
 Sending funds is easy with the Desktop Wallet. Ensure that you have enough funds before you perform the sending operation. Do not forget that you can always request some testing tokens in the faucet: Assset Faucet TCRO (Croeseid Testnet) https://crypto.org/faucet TCRO (Cronos Testnet) https://cronos.org/faucet In case you have reached the daily limit on faucet airdrop, you can simply send a message on Discord #request-tcro channels.  Step 1 - Select the "Assets" on the left panel, and you will see the "Send" and "Receive" options on the left-right of each asset.  After you click the "Send," fill up the request information: Recipient address Amount to be sent Optional memo Remark: You are able to customize the gas fee you pay for the transaction by clicking “Custom Options.”  Step 2 - Once you hit the "Continue" button, you can review the transaction details in the confirmation window on the Desktop Wallet and proceed to the next step by clicking "Confirm." Then enter your app password and hit "Decrypt Wallet."  Step 3 - In the "Confirm Transaction" section, please double-check the information and ensure the information you entered is correct. Now you can go with "Confirm" and click "OK" on the next page. Step 4 - Now, your funds have been transferred successfully to your selected address! You can then check the transaction history by clicking the "Transaction" tab under any of your Assets.
2.2 - Receive Transactions
 If someone is sending funds to you or you are sending funds from your other address to the current address, you can:  Step 1 - Under the "Assets" page, you will see the “Send” and “Receive” tabs on the left-right of each asset. Click "Receive."  Step 2 - You will find the QR code and the address of your current wallet account. 
3. Staking Operations
 Crypto.org Chain is based on Tendermint Core's consensus engine, it relies on a set of validators to participate in the proof of stake (PoS) consensus protocol who are responsible for committing new blocks in the blockchain. Token holders might stake their tokens to validators to secure the network and earn rewards. Particularly, we can: Delegate to a validator; Withdraw staking rewards from a validator; Redelegate from a validator. Undelegate from a validator.
3.1 - Delegate to a validator
 Step 1 - To begin staking, go to the "Staking" page and direct to the second tab, "Delegate Funds." You can select your preferred validators with the delegation amount.  You can input the validator’s information either by: Clicking the list button under "Validator address" and selecting your preferred validators. Copying the complete address of your preferred validator, and pasting the validator’s "Operator Address" (begin with tcrocncl... for testnet) under "Validator address." Then specify the amount that you would like to delegate. Remark: To support the decentralization of the network, we suggest all users delegate your funds to validators with fewer shares, but please make sure you've done research into the validators you selected before the delegation to minimize your risk of unnecessary fund loss.  Step 2 - Similar to sending a transaction, you can review and confirm the transaction details on the Desktop Wallet first shown below, click "Review" and enter your app password.  Step 3 - Now you will proceed to the confirmation section. Make sure you input the correct information of your wallet and then hit "Confirm"     Now you’ve successfully staked the desired amount to your selected validator! 
3.2 - Withdraw the reward from a validator
 Step 1 - Under "Staking Rewards" on the "Staking" page, your staking reward amount from different validators will be displayed as below:  Step 2 - Click the "Withdraw Reward" under "Action," and input your app password. Similar to other transaction operations, you should review and double-check the transaction details "Confirm" before processing "Confirm"  Please note that all of your available rewards from a validator will be withdrawn in the transaction.  Now you should see a success message on the Desktop Wallet, and your rewards withdrawal transaction was broadcasted successfully! 
3.3 - Redelegate the staking from a validator
 Step 1 - In the case that you plan to redelegate your staked funds from a validator, you can go to Delegation Management under the "Staking" page. The "Redelegate Stake" option is highlighted in green color.  Step 2 - You can click "Redelegate Stake" to redelegate your staked tokens from a validator now. On the popup window, likewise to delegating to a validator, you will be required to fill in the validator’s address (you can either choose your preferred validator from the validator list or input its complete address), and the amount that you would like to redelegate from a validator, review and confirm the transaction details on the Desktop Wallet, input your app password again, then click "Confirm" to process.       Now you should see a success message on the Desktop Wallet, and your funds are redelegated to another preferred validator! 
3.4 - Undelegate the staking from a validator
 Step 1 - If you plan to undelegate your staked funds from a validator, you can go to Delegation Management under the "Staking" page. "Undelegate Stake" option is highlighted in red color.  Step 2 - You can undelegate your staked tokens from a validator by clicking "Undelegate Stake". Afterwards, you can specify the amount of token that you would like to undelegate from a validator, review and confirm the transaction details on the Desktop Wallet, input your app password again, then click "Confirm" to process.      Now you should see a success message on the Desktop Wallet, and your undelegation transaction was successfully processed!  NOTE  You can review your undelegation process by clicking "View Unbonding Delegation" at the top right corner in the "Delegation Management" section. 
4. Governance
 Governance proposals potentially impact many stakeholders. You are able to view all the concurrent voting, finished or rejected proposals, cast your votes, view your voting history, submit governance proposals and deposit your CRO to proposals. 
4.1 - Cast your vote for a proposal
 Step 1 - Choose a proposal in its Voting Period. You can see the description of this proposal, with the current ratios of different vote options. Pick your desired vote option for this proposal and then click "Send Vote": Step 2 - Make sure you have reviewed and confirmed the transaction details, then click "Confirm"
4.2 - View voting history
 You can review your voting history by clicking “View Voting History” at the top right corner of the “Governance” section.
4.3 - Submit proposals and deposit CRO to proposals
 You can submit a proposal by clicking “Create Proposal” at the top right corner of the “Governance” section. You can submit proposals with a minimum deposit of 1000 CRO and get your proposals active for voting by having more than 10,000 CRO deposits. For more details on governance proposal submission, please refer to the Crypto.org Chain proposal process here: https://crypto.org/docs/chain-details/govprocess.html 
5. NFT Support
 The "My NFT" page is where you could manage your NFTs that exist on the Crypto.org Chain, no matter browsing around your NFTs collections, transferring any NFTs to your friend, or even minting your very own unique NFT.
5.1 - Transfer an NFT
 Step 1 - Under "NFT Collection," select the NFT you would like to transfer. Click "Transfer NFT":  Step 2 - Enter the Recipient Address. It is important to make sure that the recipient address is compatible with the Crypto.org Chain NFT token standard. Click "Continue": Step 3 - Review the NFT transaction details in the confirmation window, then click "Confirm Transfer":
5.2 - Mint an NFT with your own Artwork
 Step 1 - Under "Mint NFT," you are required to fill up the below NFT information:  Step 2.1 - You are able to upload your Artwork as either Image(.jpg, .png), or Video (.mp4): Step 2.2 - Do not forget to upload a Thumbnail as well if you are minting a Video NFT:  Step 3 - It will manage to upload the files directly to the IPFS network. Please wait until the file upload process finishes, then click "Review":  Step 4 - Review the details of the NFT. Click "Confirm" to approve the minting transaction:
6. Cronos Bridge
 Our Cronos Mainnet Beta, an EVM Compatible chain built with Etheremint, is live on 8th November 2021. You could easily convert and transfer your Crypto.org Native CRO and Cronos CRO seamlessly with the Cronos Bridge we provide. 
6.1 - Before the bridge transfer
 First, you need to decide your desired bridge direction. You can also customize the config settings of a specific bridge direction, by clicking the config icon at the top-right corner. Here are the default settings of certain bridge directions:  Field Value Prefix crc Bridge Channel channel-44 Bridge Port transfer Bridge Indexing URL https://cronos.org/indexing/api/v1/bridges Field Value Prefix crc Bridge Channel channel-241 Bridge Port transfer Bridge Indexing URL https://cronos.org/indexing/api/v1/bridges Field Value Cronos Bridge Contract Address 0x6b1b50c2223eb31E0d4683b046ea9C6CB0D0ea4F Bridge Indexing URL https://cronos.org/indexing/api/v1/bridges Gas Limit 30000 Field Value Cronos Bridge Contract Address 0xB888d8Dd1733d72681b30c00ee76BDE93ae7aa93 Bridge Indexing URL https://cronos.org/indexing/api/v1/bridges Gas Limit 60000 Field Value Prefix tcrc Bridge Channel channel-131 Bridge Port transfer Bridge Indexing URL https://cronos.org/testnet3/indexing/api/v1/bridges Field Value Cronos Bridge Contract Address 0x44b8c54d95906D6b223dAE5E038cB8EF4ef45aE5 Bridge Indexing URL https://cronos.org/testnet3/indexing/api/v1/bridges Gas Limit 30000 NOTE: A misconfiguration may lead to a bridge transfer failure. 
6.2 - Initiate A Bridge Transfer Transaction
 Step 1 - Once a valid bridge direction is selected, you are able to choose your desired transferring asset and enter the amount for the transferral. Then click "Transfer Asset" & enter your App Password to proceed.  Step 2 - Please confirm the transfer details. You may modify your transfer by clicking the back button on the top-left corner as needed. Please note that once you’ve clicked the "Confirm" button.  Step 3 - After the transfer is initiated, the corresponding tokens will be transferred to our dedicated Cronos bridge smart contract.  The process may take up to a few minutes to finish. Once it’s done, you will see an updated balance in your receiving address. 
6.3 - Check Your Bridger Transfer History
 You can always review your latest bridge transfer history in the top-right corner.    If you found your bridge transfer history failed to get the latest transferrals, please make sure your Bridge Indexing URL is correct with the value mentioned above.  If you found your bridge transfer history failed to get the latest transferrals, please make sure your Bridge Indexing URL is correct with the value mentioned above. 
7. DApp Browser
 Since v0.6.4, you’re able to access any DApps available on Cronos Mainnet Beta directly through the Desktop Wallet on both Standard & Ledger Wallet.  DISCLAIMER You are responsible for your use of any DApps. DApps are controlled solely by their respective project providers. Please check the receiving addresses or contract addresses before you transfer any assets. We are not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such DApps. Accordingly, we neither endorse, recommend, nor give any opinion, advice or whatsoever on such DApps, and are not responsible or liable for any losses incurred during your use of DApps. 
7.1 - Choose your DApp
 You may go to any DApps you like by either clicking the DApps inside the Popular / Cronos DApps / Saved section or typing the URL of the DApp directly on the Address Bar at the top. 
7.2 - Save your favourite DApp
 You can easily save any DApps you like by clicking the bookmark button at the top-right corner. When the bookmark button turns blue, it means the DApp has been successfully saved into your Saved collection.  The bookmarked DApps will appear in the Saved section for quick access. 
7.3 - Connect to DApp
 To connect to a DApp, click the "Connect" button and choose "Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet".  Remark: If "Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet" is missing from the options, choosing "Metamask" will also allow you to connect to the DApp.  Once you see that your selected wallet address on the Desktop Wallet appears, you’re successfully connected to the DApp. 
7.4 - Choose an EVM chain to connect
 Since v1.3.0, Desktop Wallet is capable of supporting any EVM chains for DApp usage. Switch between different EVM chains from the chain dropdown list next to the URL bar. You are now able to add any EVM chain connection to the Desktop Wallet, and access to any DApps on all different EVM chains!  Remark: You can import valid chain config settings into the Desktop Wallet easily by browsing https://chainlist.org/ in DApp Browser. 
7.5 - Enter Your App Password
 When you trigger any transactions on the DApp for the first time, a Password Input prompt will pop up – as is the case for any transaction you perform on the Desktop Wallet.  Enjoy your DApp Journey!
Where can I download the latest Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet?
 You can download the extension using the following link: Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet Github page: https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-desktop-wallet/releases Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet webpage:https://crypto.com/defi-wallet#defi_wallet_desktop
Is there any restriction on the availability of the Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet?
 There are several locations where the Desktop Wallet App is unavailable. Please refer to our Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet Geo-Restrictions FAQ. 
If I forget the mnemonic phrase and password, can I still recover my account?
 If you forget the password and didn't back up your mnemonic phrase, we cannot help with recovering the account, as the phrase is always encrypted with the password. Thus, it's really important to save the mnemonic phrase and password properly. 
Why is my Ledger not connecting to the Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet?
 Мost ledger users are able to connect to Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet efficiently, while some users may encounter connection issues. Below are the most common reasons that cause the connection problem between a Ledger device and the Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet.  Here are some ways that you may refer to troubleshoot the issue: Use the latest version of "Crypto.org App" & "Ethereum App" on Ledger Wait several seconds after the App on the Ledger device is first opened If you have connected the Ledger device to other applications, e.g. Ledger Live, close these applications since they could potentially occupy the Ledger connection channel Restart your machine to clear off any potential connection channel occupancy Check if your USB cable is working properly Check if the USB port on your machine is working properly
I transferred CRO from the other CEX, such as Coinbase to the Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet. Why is it not showing up in my wallet?
 There are a few cases where users were trying to withdraw the CROs from Coinbase to Cronos. Please note that Coinbase only supports ERC20-CRO withdrawal. Our Desktop Wallet did not support Ethereum Chain in older releases. Since v1.3.0, users are able to view their ERC20 assets or balances on the Ethereum Chain. Please proceed to the Desktop Wallet Product Page to download our latest release. 
Common errors occurred on the Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet when performing transactions with a Ledger.
 Common Errors Possible Solution An error happened! The transfer transaction failed. Please try again later. - Error - test fail - TypeError - cannot open device with path IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/[email protected]/AppleACPIPCI/[email protected]/[email protected]/[email protected] 0000/Nano [email protected]/Nano [email protected]/AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice  Reboot your machine and avoid other apps occupying the ledger connection channel The transfer transaction failed. Please try again later. - Error - test fail - TransportStatusError - ledger device -CLA_NOT_SUPPORTED The main cause for this error is that you are using an older version of ledger firmware. Try to upgrade the ledger on ledger lives and try it again.
How can I recover my existing wallet using a ledger on the desktop wallet?
 Since the private key of Ledger wallets is always stored inside the Ledger device, you don't need the Mnemonic Phrases to restore a Ledger wallet on the Desktop Wallet.  You may just follow our "Create wallet in Desktop Wallet with Ledger device Guide" once again to restore your previously created Ledger wallet. Please note that you may still need to input the correct Address Index to derive your desired Ledger wallet address.  Additionally, you may also ensure that you have a proper firewall setting and the hardware wallet connection, which are the two common factors causing errors on the desktop wallet. 
Where can I reset the App Password?
 When you’ve forgotten your App Password, you can clear all app storage and reimport all wallets again by following part 7.4 in the instructions in the link below. https://crypto.org/docs/wallets/desktop_wallet.html#_7-settings.  Please note that you should back up your seed phrase before doing the storage clearing, as all the storage in the application will be cleared, and you will be starting from a fresh start again.  The instruction for exporting the seed phrase is available in the same link. 
How can I reset App Password when I forget the App Password and never create/restore any wallets?
 In this case, there is no bar/tab in the UI. This case could potentially happen when: You have installed & uninstalled the wallet app a long while ago; a password was created back then without any wallets created. Now that you install the wallet app again & find out that a password is already there (which was lost). Or create a password already, and then forget it before you create any new wallets yet. Note that in this case, you may not be able to go into the menu, even after deleting the app.  What you could do is remove the internal storage {name}.leveldb & {name}.blob in: MacOS: /Users/{username}/Library/Application Support/chain-desktop-wallet/IndexedDB Windows: c:\Users\{username}\AppData\Roaming\chain-desktop-wallet\IndexedDB This action is the same as Clear Storage. When you reopen the app once again, you shall be able to reset your App Password. 
I minted an NFT and sent it to my on-chain account, but it didn’t show up. What can I do with it?
 There is a possibility that your NFT transaction failed. For successful transactions, you shall be able to see the minted NFT transaction record on our Explorer on your address page. 
How can I participate in the Desktop Wallet development?
 We always welcome our community members and contribute to our open-source Desktop Wallet GitHub repository. You may either create issues on topics ranging from feature requests, bug reports, and concerns or submit pull requests on your developed code. Our project owner will be happy to review your issues & codes. 
I recently started staking CRO in Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet but could not withdraw my rewards. It is showing the insufficient funds error. I did not check my default setting before.
 You probably spent all of your CRO for staking and no more available CRO balance for the gas fee. You need to send a little bit of CRO to the address for gas to withdraw rewards. 
I am a Ledger user and I don’t see where I can export my secret phrase for backup. I checked Settings > General Configuration > Export your Recovery Phrase but when scrolled down and didn’t see Export your Recovery Phrase.
 It is not supported for export recovery phrases on a ledger wallet.
Users from the following locations are restricted from using Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet:
 Markets Country Code Afghanistan AF / AFG Andorra AD / AND Bangladesh BD / BGD Bolivia BO / BOL Burma (Myanmar) MM / MMR Burundi BI / BDI Central African Republic CF / CAF China CN / CHN Congo, Dem. Rep. CD / COD Cook Islands CK / COK Cote d'Ivoire CI / CIV Cuba CU / CUB Crimea Region  Donetsk  East Timor (Timor-Leste) TL/TLS Ecuador EC / ECU Equatorial Guinea GQ / GNQ Eritrea ER / ERI Ethiopia ET / ETH Gaza Strip GA / GAZ Guinea GN / GIN Guinea-Bissau GW / GNW Iran IR / IRN Iraq IQ / IRQ Kiribati KI / KIR Korea, North KP / PRK Kosovo XK / XKX Kyrgyzstan (Kyrgyz Republic) KG / KGZ Lebanon LB / LBN Lesotho LS / LSO Liberia LR / LBR Libya LY / LBY Luhansk  Mali ML / MLI Marshall Islands MH / MHL Mayotte YT / MYT Namibia NA / NAM Nepal NP / NPL Netherlands Antilles AN / ANT Palestine PS / PSE Ukraine - Zaporizhzhia Region  Ukraine - Kherson Region  Saint Helena SH / SHN Somalia SO / SOM South Sudan SS / SSD Sudan SD / SDN Swaziland SZ / SWZ Syria SY / SYR Tuvalu TV / TUV Venezuela VE / VEN Wallis and Futuna WF / WLF West Bank  Western Sahara EH / ESH Yemen YE / YEM Zimbabwe ZW / ZWE
Table of Contents
 Step 1 - Install the Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet app for Ledger and create the wallet Step 2 - Create a wallet in Desktop Wallet with Ledger device Step 3 - Before you perform transactions with the Ledger device
Step 1 - Install the Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet app for Ledger and create the wallet
 Step 1.1 - Connect and unlock your Ledger device Step 1.2 - On your Ledger device, go to "Install app". It should show "Open Ledger live to install apps" Step 1.3 - On the Ledger Live, find Crypto.org Chain & Ethereum to install in the app catalog under "Manager" as below:  Step 1.4 - Your Ledger device will display "Processing…". Once the installation is completed, you should see "Installed" on your Ledger Live as below:  You can confirm the installation by checking if the Crypto.org App shows up in the main menu of your Ledger device:  Remark: Once Crypto.org App & Ethereum are successfully installed, please remember to close the Ledger Live app before proceeding to the next step. 
Step 2 - Create a wallet in Desktop Wallet with Ledger device
 After the app is set, please conduct the following steps to create a wallet with the desktop wallet: Step 2.1 - Download the latest Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet here Step 2.2 - Run the Crypto.com DeFi Desktop Wallet and click "Get started":  Step 2.3 - Before creating your wallet, you would need to create an App passwordto protect your desktop wallet:  Step 2.4 - Afterwards, your wallet is ready to be created. Please make sure you select the following options accordingly: Input the wallet name of your choice; Tick "Want to create with hardware wallet" and choose "Ledger" as the wallet type. Select a “Derivation Path Standard”, which decides the Derivation Path you’re going to use to derive the address of your Ledger wallet. BIP-44: 44'/{coin}'/0'/0/{address_index} Ledger Live: 44'/{coin}'/{account}'/0/0’ You’re able to view the possible derived addresses of your Ledger device with our helper by clicking “Show Ledger Derived Address List.” Choose the Address Type you would like to show. With the corresponding Ledger App opened on your Ledger Device, then click “Connect.”  You are able to choose your desired wallet address by clicking “Select.” The corresponding “Index” of the wallet address will be filled for you. "Index" is the value of either “address_index” or “account”, depending on which “Derivation Path Standard'' you have chosen. All addresses will be derived from the same key stored in your Ledger device based on different number inputs. You will need to input the same "Index" and “Derivation Path Standard” if you would like to restore the Ledger wallet address on another device. For the network, three options of "Testnet Croeseid 4", "Mainnet", and "Custom Devnet" is given. Testnet Croeseid 4 is Croeseid testnet which is our Cosmos-based testnet that has been running since October 2020. Mainnet refers to Crypto.org Chain mainnet. Other than these, you can also fill up the custom configuration to your own network.  In this demonstration, we will be creating a testnet address and connecting to the current Croeseid Testnet, therefore, we select "Testnet Croeseid 4" as the network option.  Step 2.5 - After clicking "Create Wallet," you will be asked to open the Crypto.org Chain App on your Ledger device  Before you click "Connect", make sure you are able to see "Crypto.org Chain Ready" displayed on your device as follows: Step 2.6 - You will be asked to open Ethereum App on your Ledger device to create a Cronos Chain wallet. Make sure you can see "Application is ready" displayed on your device as follows:  Click "Connect." At this point, both your Crypto.org native chain and Cronos Chain wallets have been successfully created.
Step 3 - Before you perform transactions with the Ledger device
 Before starting with the sending transaction/performing staking operations, we would need some funds to begin with: Step 3.1 - Go to "Assets" and pick the asset you would like to transfer. Once you hit the "Receive" tab in the desktop wallet, your wallet address should be displayed. Depending on which asset you choose, you might need to open a different App on your ledger. App Supported Assets Crypto.org CRO (Crypto.org Chain) Ethereum CRO (Cronos Chain) Verify the address by clicking "Verify address on Ledger", you should see the same address being displayed on your ledger device as well.  Step 3.2 - Once the address has been confirmed, copy this address and request some funds from the testnet faucet. Asset Faucet CRO (Crypto.org Chain) https://crypto.org/faucet CRO (Cronos Chain) https://cronos.org/faucet Step 3.3 - Your current balance will be available on the "Assets" page. If you would like to view the transaction details, go to the "Transaction" Tab and simply hit the hash link under Transaction Hash, and it will direct you to the corresponding explorer where different details related to transactions will be displayed:  Remark: In case you have reached the daily limit on faucet airdrop, you can simply send a message on Discord #request-tcro under the specific network channel.
Confirm transactions in Desktop Wallet with Ledger device
 Desktop Wallet supports all sorts of transactions for both regular wallets and wallets created with Ledger devices. In this demonstration, we will conduct a fund sending transaction with a Ledger device. Step 1 - Sending funds is easy with the desktop wallet. Once you obtain some testing tokens from the testnet faucet, go to the "Assets" page and click "Send" after picking your desired assets. Fill up the request information: recipient address, amount(memo is optional):  Step 2 - Once you hit the "Continue" button, you should be able to review the transaction details in the confirmation window on the desktop wallet. Proceed to the next step by clicking "Confirm"  Remark: If you have not yet established a connection with your Ledger device, a notification will pop up on the top-right hand corner, asking you to confirm the connection with your Ledger.  Follow the instructions, and confirm the connection on your ledger device. Make sure you are using the ledger device storing with the same wallet address on Desktop Wallet. Step 3 - Now, your transaction details will show up on your ledger device, which include: Chain-id, Account number, Sequence, Transaction type, the amount in "basetcro," Sender address, Receiver address, Memo message, Transaction fee and gas. You can now confirm the details and approve the transaction on the ledgerdevice: Once the transaction is approved on your ledger device, you should see a success message on your Desktop Wallet: You can then check the transaction history in the "Transaction" Tab
Restoring a Ledger wallet
 Since the private key of the Ledger wallet is stored inside the Ledger device by nature, you don't need the Mnemonic Phrases to restore a Ledger wallet on the Desktop Wallet. You may also follow the Create wallet in Desktop Wallet with Ledger device Guide to restore your previously created Ledger wallet. Please note that you may still need to input the correct Address Index to derive your desired Ledger wallet address. In the unfortunate event that you forgot your wallet's 6-digit passcode, you can always reset your passcode with your recovery phrase.  A recovery phrase is a key to accessing your wallet and funds, it usually consists of 12/18/24 randomly generated words and is generated when you first create a wallet.  If you have incorrectly entered your 6-digit passcode 5 times within 30 minutes, your app will be locked for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, if you still can’t remember your passcode, you may remove your wallet from the device then import the wallet again with your recovery phrase and reset the passcode 
What to do if you can’t access your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app anymore?
 Have your 12-word recovery phrase ready Delete the app Reinstall the app Tap [Import an existing wallet] and recover your wallet with the 12-word phrase. You will be able to create a new passcode once the wallet import is successful Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) is an additional security layer to your passcode. With 2FA enabled on your Wallet, you will have to provide your 2FA code when performing certain actions on the app.  Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is using a Time-based One-time Password (TOTP) for Two-Factor Authentication, and it involves generating a temporary, unique one-time 6-digit code that only works for 30 seconds. To perform any actions that will affect your assets, you will need to enter this code besides the common password.  *Please note that the 2FA code on DeFi Wallet is a standalone code that’s different from the 2FA code shared by Crypto.com App and Exchange.  *Please note that when you are setting up 2FA on DeFi Wallet, this 2-factor-authentication is only applicable to the DeFi Wallet application that is on your device. 
Which actions on the Crypto.com Wallet can enable 2FA?
 Send crypto Revisit recovery phrase
How do I set up 2FA?
 You may set up 2FA during onboarding after creating your passcode or by navigating to Settings > Enable 2-Factor Authentication  Tap on [Enable 2-Factor Authentication] Scan code with an authenticator app, or copy code to add it manually Backup authentication code (optional as you always need to set-up your 2FA again on a new device) Enter your 6-digit verification code from the authenticator app See “2FA enabled” message Please note that the 2FA code set-up on Crypto.com Wallet is standalone and separate from the shared 2FA code used by Crypto.com App and Exchange 
Which authenticator app should I use?
 Providing strong security and a great user experience remains a top priority for Crypto.com. We recommend Authy. Authy generates 6-digit one-time-passcodes like other authenticator apps on the market, but in addition, offers the following features: Multiple-device functionality: 2FA tokens automatically sync to any new device you authorize. And, if a device is lost, stolen, or retired, you can deauthorize it from any authorized device just as quickly. Encrypted recovery backups: Authy takes advantage of encrypted backups in the cloud. In case you lose your phone, you can still access Authy accounts from other devices Please note that we are supporting various authenticators, you can still use any other authenticators like Google Authenticator, and you can change to Authy at any time.  Read here to find out more about the differences. 
How to disable my 2FA temporarily?
 You can disable 2FA temporarily by simply toggling off in Settings after confirming with your 2FA code. Please note that disabling doesn’t mean deleting or resetting your 2FA. You can toggle on your 2FA again from settings to re-enable 2FA code as a second layer of security to your sensitive actions. 
How to delete/reset my 2FA?
 In the case, you have lost your device or authenticator app, or you may want to delete your 2FA when you no longer require the additional layer of security - Ensure that you have backup your 12-word recovery phrase of all your wallet(s) as you will need it to import your wallet(s) and access your balances again (each wallet has its own 12-word recovery phrase) Delete and reinstall the DeFi Wallet App Import your wallet(s) with the 12-word recovery phrase to access your funds again Your 2FA settings should now be reset, please note that this action will also remove your connection to Crypto.com App if you have connected your Crypto.com Wallet to it. You can only connect one wallet to your Crypto.com App account at a time, as connecting more than one DeFi Wallet to the same Crypto.com App account is not supported at this moment.  If you have imported the same wallet (via the recovery phrase) on multiple devices, you will be able to connect the second Crypto.com Wallet (on a second device) to your Crypto.com App account, but this will disconnect the Crypto.com App from your first Crypto.com Wallet. 
How can I connect a different wallet when I have multiple wallets on DeFi Wallet App to the Crypto.com App?
  Assuming that you have already connected a wallet, e.g. Wallet 1, to the Crypto.com App, in order to connect a different wallet, e.g. Wallet 2, to the Crypto.com App, you will first need to disconnect Wallet 1 from Crypto.com App before you initiate the connection for Wallet 2.  Here are the steps to disconnect a wallet from the Crypto.com App: Go to Settings menu Tap on “Crypto.com App” under “Connect to Crypto.com App” section You will arrive to the next screen where you can see the following Tap on the [Disconnect] button and confirm to disconnect You will then be redirected back to the Settings menu After you are done with disconnecting a wallet, you can then initiate another connection to the Crypto.com App. You can pick which wallet you would like to connect to the Crypto.com App as shown below.     If you have connected your DeFi Wallet to your Crypto.com App and has already set up the Anti-Phishing code, this adds an extra layer of security to help identify whether emails are legitimately from Crypto.com -  Your DeFi Wallet app emails will automatically include the same anti-phishing code that you have set up via Crypto.com App or Exchange If you change or remove your anti-phishing code on either Crypto.com App or Exchange, it will be reflected across the 3 platforms - Crypto.com App, Exchange and DeFi Wallet.  Please note that you will not be able to set up or change or remove the Anti-Phishing Code via the DeFi Wallet, please go to your Crypto.com App or Exchange account to adjust the settings.     Both Crypto.com App or Exchange currently support the set up or change or remove of Anti-Phishing Code -  Via Crypto.com App: Go to your Settings. Under the Security section, you will see the button to Anti-Phishing Code. A screen will appear and provide you with more details. Below are steps to help you setup an Anti-Phishing Code. Enter a unique code in the text field provided, this Anti Phishing code will appear in all emails from Crypto.com App.. Press the blue “Confirm Anti-phishing Code” button. Enter your passcode You can also update/disable your Anti-phishing code on the same screen. We recommend updating your Anti-phishing code every 30 days.  Via Crypto.com Exchange: Visit crypto.com/exchange and select the Log In button (upper right-hand corner). Go to your Profile and select Security. Under the Anti-Phishing Code section, you will see the button to Setup Anti-Phishing Code. A screen will appear and provide you with more details. Below are steps to help you setup an Anti-Phishing Code. Enter a unique code in the text field provided, this Anti Phishing code will appear in all emails from Crypto.com Exchange. Enter your 2FA code (You must have two factor authentication enabled first) Press the blue “Confirm Anti-phishing Code” button. You can also update/disable your Anti-phishing code on the same screen.  We recommend updating your Anti-phishing code every 30 days. Connect your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to the Crypto.com App to easily access the diverse crypto financial services offered by Crypto.com. 
How to Connect Crypto.com App to Crypto.com DeFi Wallet
 1, You can start the connection via:  Home Screen > Explore Card [Connect to Crypto.com App] OR Settings > [Connect to Crypto.com App]  2. Tap to acknowledge the disclaimers and tap [Continue]  3. Enter your Crypto.com App account email  4. Check for the “Authorize connection” email in your mailbox 5. Tap [Connect] from the connection email on the device that has your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet  6. Enter your Crypto.com App 6-digit passcode  7. Tap [Authorize] to launch Crypto.com DeFi Wallet  8. See the “Connection success” modal and receive the “Connection success” email  You may now transfer crypto by following the guidelines detailed in the article sections below: From your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to Crypto.com App From your Crypto.com App to Crypto.com DeFi Wallet Why did I fail to receive the connection authorization/success email? Fail to receive “Authorize connection” email: Make sure you didn’t misspell your email address in step 3, you may resend the connection email (please always use the latest sent email to start the authorization flow) Make sure you are a KYC-approved user on the Crypto.com App Fail to receive “Connection success” email: Make sure you are tapping the [Connect] button from the connection email on the device that has your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to complete steps 6 & 7. Make sure you tap [Authorize] and launch the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app, you should then be seeing the “Connection success” modal when the app is launched - if Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is not launched with the “Connection success” modal, the connection is incomplete. Please retry again from step 5. You can only connect one wallet to your Crypto.com App account at a time, we are unable to support connecting more than one DeFi Wallet to the same Crypto.com App account.  If you have imported the same wallet (via the recovery phrase) on multiple devices, you will be able to connect the second Crypto.com Wallet (on a second device) to your Crypto.com App account, but this will disconnect the Crypto.com App from your first Crypto.com Wallet.  How can I connect a different wallet when I have multiple wallets on DeFi Wallet App to the Crypto.com App?  Assuming that you have already connected a wallet, e.g. Wallet 1, to the Crypto.com App, in order to connect a different wallet, e.g. Wallet 2, to the Crypto.com App, you will first need to disconnect Wallet 1 from Crypto.com App before you initiate the connection for Wallet 2.  Here are the steps to disconnect a wallet from the Crypto.com App: Go to Settings menu Tap on “Crypto.com App” under “Connect to Crypto.com App” section You will arrive to the next screen where you can see the following Tap on the [Disconnect] button and confirm to disconnect You will then be redirected back to the Settings menu After you are done with disconnecting a wallet, you can then initiate another connection to the Crypto.com App. You can pick which wallet you would like to connect to the Crypto.com App as shown below.  Send crypto from Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to Crypto.com App 1. Select a coin in your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to send  2. Tap on [Crypto.com App] in the send address screenNote: You will not be able to send coins that are not supported on your Crypto.com App account therefore the button to send to [Crypto.com App] will be disabled for non-supported tokens.  3. The Crypto.com App address for the corresponding token will be populated automatically. If there's a memo required for the corresponding token, it will be populated automatically as well. Send crypto from Crypto.com App to Crypto.com DeFi Wallet  1. Go to Settings > [Crypto.com Wallet] > Tap [Send Funds]  OR  Go to [Transfer] > [Withdraw Crypto] > Tap [Crypto.com DeFi Wallet]    Important Note: Withdrawal fees will apply. Each fee of the respective crypto asset can be found in the "Settings" of the Crypto.com App - Fees and Limits: Section - Withdraw Crypto Category - Withdraw Crypto (to External Address) Important Note: If the 24-Hour Withdrawal Lock on your Crypto.com App is enabled, after connecting the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet to your Crypto.com App account, you will have to wait 24 hours before you will be able to withdraw any crypto to your newly connected Crypto.com DeFi Wallet.  This 24-hour lock only applies to withdrawals. You will still be able to buy crypto through your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet immediately after connecting to your Crypto.com App account Please refresh your wallet by pulling down the screen on the home page to sync the latest balances and transactions.  Crypto received via blockchain network requires confirmation and the confirmation speed depends on how much your sender is willing to pay for the network fee. Your balance will be updated as soon as the first confirmation is received for the transaction. Receive BTC Receive XRP/XLM Receive ERC-20 Tokens
Why am I receiving less than what my sender sent me?
 Crypto received via blockchain network requires network fee and is usually deducted directly from the send amount.  You may view the transaction on Explorer to see the network fee involved by tapping on [View Status on Explorer] in the transaction details screen.
What’s the difference for [Send] on Crypto.com DeFi Wallet VS Crypto.com App?
 Every transaction on Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is on-chain and requires network fees to incentivize the corresponding Blockchain Network for transaction processing and confirmation. You are the one and only custodian of your funds, unlike Crypto.com App where certain transactions are off-chain and transferred internally within Crypto.com. 
How to send my first on-chain transaction?
 1. Tap [Send] from home screen 2. Select the coin that you want to send 3. Copy and paste/scan the recipient address and destination tag/memo, if applicable  4. Enter the send amount Note: If it’s your first on-chain transaction, try sending a small testing amount first The actual sent amount = (send amount you entered - network fee) There is a minimum balance required for XRP/XLM so you will not be able to send all of your available balance.  You'll need at least 20 XRP/1 XLM before you are able to start sending your XRP/XLM. 5. Review the amount, address, and confirmation speed, adjust the confirmation speed according to your preferred fee and confirmation time, if available. 6. Tap [Confirm to send] 7. See send request submitted and transaction is pending with the transaction details 8. You may view the transaction on the explorer by tapping [View Status on explorer]  9. Refresh your wallet by pulling down the Home Screen to sync the latest transaction status Please keep in mind that DeFi wallet does not support the EIP681 QR code format used by Coinbase. 
Why can't I see or select a particular coin from the list to send?
 You will only see coins with a balance > 0 on the list.  For ERC-20 tokens with balance > 0  but are disabled from selection, this is due to insufficient ETH balance (ETH = 0).  Please note that you need to pay your network fee in ETH when sending ERC-20 tokens. Add some ETH first before sending ERC-20 tokens. 
Why is my transaction still pending or balance is not updated?
 Please refresh your wallet by pulling down the screen on the home page to sync the latest balances and transactions.  After you confirm to send crypto, the transaction is immediately broadcasted to the network and is shown as “pending” until there is at least one confirmation. The time it takes for a transaction to be confirmed depends on the confirmation speed you have selected in the transaction review screen. The higher the fee, the faster a transaction will be confirmed - however, this varies for each token due to the overall network traffic and consensus mechanism. Currency Fee Tier Estimated 1st Confirmation Time Bitcoin (BTC) Super Fast Fast Average 10 mins 30 mins 60 mins ETH (Ethereum) & ERC-20 Tokens Super Fast Fast Average 30 secs 2 mins 30 mins Litecoin (LTC) Fixed 30 secs Ripple (XRP) Fixed 5 secs Stellar (XLM) Fixed 7 secs For your convenience, your “pending” transactions are displayed on the home screen for you to easily keep track. Once the first confirmation is received and the transaction is verified on the network, your transaction will move from “pending” to  “completed” on Crypto.com DeFi Wallet. 
Why is my transaction still pending beyond the estimated confirmation time?
 Occasionally, transactions are not accepted by the network and remain marked as “pending” for 2-3 days. Typically these transactions will never confirm. These problematic transactions are typically due to: Congested traffic on the blockchain network: There is an increase in the number of transactions on the blockchain network, causing congestion and delays that are not under Crypto.com DeFi Wallet's control A low fee setting was selected: By default, the selected confirmation speed is “Fast”. There are 3 confirmation speeds for your selection in the send review screen, tap on the dropdown to change the confirmation speed - fee tier accordingly. You may also check on the explorer to see the latest status via transaction details > [View Status on Explorer]  
My ETH/ERC-20 transaction has been pending for days, how can I cancel or replace the stuck transaction?
 View here to learn more. 
What’s the confirmation speed and network fee?
 DeFi Wallet is a decentralized wallet in the sense that there’s no intermediary to handle your crypto assets, the DeFi Wallet serves as a mobile app interface to enable you to interact with the Blockchain Networks directly via our easy and user-friendly UI.  Transactions initiated on the DeFi Wallet are submitted on-chain directly and require a network fee to incentivize the corresponding Blockchain Network to validate and confirm your transaction actions. Other than the fees that go to the network, DeFi Wallet does not charge any network fees.  The beauty of transacting on-chain is that there’s no single point of failure, even if the DeFi Wallet is not working properly, you can easily backup your 12-word recovery phrase which is equivalent to your master private keys, and import your wallet to any other non-custodian wallet app interfaces to see your balances and initiate transactions.  If you prefer to transact via a custodian app with instant confirmations and zero fees, you may check out our Crypto.com App instead. See here for the differences between DeFi Wallet and Crypto.com App. 
Why do I need to pay a network fee for my transactions?
 The use of any Blockchain network (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple etc.) requires a fee to send a transaction as the network validates and confirms your transactions with the help of people (miners or validators) who are constantly spending their computational resources to help process and secure transactions on the network. As an incentive, the network fees go to them. 
How are network fees determined?
 It depends on the corresponding Blockchain’s consensus mechanism. Popular Blockchains like Bitcoin, Ethereum are using Proof-of-Work consensus, which is less scalable compared to Cosmos, Polkadot using Proof-of-Stake consensus. For example, Bitcoin can only process ~5 TPS (transactions per seconds) and Ethereum can process ~3,000 TPS vs Cosmos at ~10,000 TPS.  When many users are transacting at the same time, the network gets congested and hence the calculation of network fees varies and depends on the traffic. When the market is bullish and users are transferring assets more frequently or using DeFi products on the ETH network, this significantly drives up the network fees for ERC20 tokens.  This is also why Ethereum is upgrading to ETH 2.0 that will use the Proof-of-Stake consensus and leading to new Blockchain networks’ development to solve the scalability issue. 
Why is it so costly to perform certain transactions like swap, deposit sometimes?
 The network fee depends on the Blockchain network you are transacting on and how busy the traffic is.  Please refer to the previous question to find out more. Certain transactions that involve smart contract execution would also cost more than normal transfers as more computational power is required to execute the smart contracts set up by the DeFi protocols, hence a higher gas limit is required and this leads to a higher network fee.
DeFi Earn on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet App
 We’re excited to announce the launch of DeFi Earn in the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet App! You can now grow your crypto assets on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet App using our new decentralized finance offering, and earn passive income with a few simple steps.  To start, you can access the feature via the ‘Earn’ tab on app version 1.5.0 or above, and start earning interest instantly upon depositing tokens and receiving on-chain confirmation.  There is no minimum term, and you can withdraw your deposit with the accrued earnings at any time subject to the individual protocol terms & conditions  Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is a decentralized (non-custodial) wallet where you’re the one and only custody of your wallet and crypto-assets. Crypto.com remains as a facilitator of the deposit & withdrawal process. 
How does DeFi Earn work and how am I actually earning?
 DeFi Earn demystifies decentralized finance and allows you to deposit your crypto assets to DeFi protocols through native in-app integration. You are able to choose among different protocols/pools to earn interest on your crypto assets. The default choice of the protocol/pool will have the highest APY at the time but you can always choose another one at your own will.  At this stage, our integration with the Compound Lending, Cosmos Staking, Yearn Earn V2, Crypto.org Chain Staking and Aave Lending V2 protocols, Tectonic, Ferro, and VVS Finance give you easy access to grow 32 crypto assets.  We’re working hard to integrate more DeFi protocols to help you grow your digital assets easily. DeFi Protocol DeFi Earn Supporting Token Type of Earning Compound Lending BAT COMP DAI ETH UNI USDC USDT WBTC ZRX When you deposit assets to Compound, you act as a lender to supply loanable assets and receive a fixed amount of cTokens - interest-bearing tokens issued by Compound to represent your deposit + interest accrued.    Cosmos Staking ATOM When you deposit ATOM to a validator, you are staking and delegating your ATOM to the validator that earns ATOM rewards by validating transactions on the Cosmos Network.   Your reward balance will accrue every block after staking.  Yearn Earn V2 DAI USDC USDT TUSD SUSD WBTC When you deposit assets to Yearn Earn V2, you act as a lender to supply loanable assets and receive a fixed amount of yTokens - interest-bearing tokens issued by Yearn to represent your deposit + interest accrued.   Crypto.org Chain Staking CRO When you deposit CRO to a validator, you are staking and delegating your CRO to the validator that earns CRO rewards by validating transactions on the Crypto.org Chain.   Your reward balance will accrue every block after staking.  Aave Lending V2 BAT DAI ETH UNI USDC USDT WBTC ZRX LINK SUSD TUSD YFI GUSD WETH BUSD REN ENJ KNC MANA MKR SNX AAVE CRV BAL XSUSHI When you deposit assets to Aave, you act as a lender to supply loanable assets and receive a fixed amount of aTokens - interest-bearing tokens issued by Aave to represent your deposit + interest accrued. VVS Finance VVS xVVS CRO When your tokens are deposited to the VVS Finance protocol via DeFi Earn, you are transferring them to the VVS Finance smart contract.  When you decide to withdraw your deposited assets, extra funds earned through VVS will be credited to your account.  You also have the option to deposit CRO and VVS to act as a Liquidity Provider for VVS, and you will receive VVS LP tokens, by staking the LP tokens into the LP vault you will receive VVS tokens as rewards. For some pools, there can be multiple rewards if a partner protocol chooses to incentivize the LP.  For the xVVS token, you can convert your VVS token to an xVVS token on VVSm and xVVS can be deposited into the xVVS Vault with a fixed lockup period which can be selected by you and receive the VVS token as a reward. Ferro Protocol USDC FERxFER When you deposit stablecoins in Ferro Protocol, you act as a liquidity provider for Ferro, and you will receive 3FER LP tokens, by staking the LP tokens into the LP vault, you will receive FER tokens as rewardsFor the xFER token, you can convert your FER token to an xFER token on Ferro, and xFER can be deposited into xFER Vault with a fixed lockup period which can be selected by you, and receive the FER token as a reward. Tectonic Finance TONIC Tectonic allows TONIC holders to deposit their tokens in the TONIC staking module in return for yield rewards.
What is Compound Lending?
 Compound is a decentralised on-chain money market and lending platform, establishing pools of assets with interest rates algorithmically derived from the assets’ supply and demand.  The main value proposition for Compound is that it allows users to earn a yield on their crypto assets without having to custody them with a third party.  With DeFi Earn integration, we handle the deposit and withdrawal process with Compound Lending natively on the DeFi Wallet app. Therefore, you don’t have to worry about dealing with smart contract calls. Additionally, we simplify the concept of cTokens and display the accrued interest you’re earning overtime.  When your tokens are deposited to the Compound Lending protocol via DeFi Earn, you are transferring them to Compound’s smart contract. In exchange, you get the corresponding cTokens which representsthe claim to your lent assets.  The token rewards you earn are not distributed to your wallet. However, by simply holding onto your cTokens, you'll earn interest as these cTokens accumulate interest through their exchange rate. Over time, each cToken becomes convertible into an increasing amount of its underlying asset, even while the number of cTokens in your wallet stays the same.  Hence, we display an extra warning when you’re trying to send your cTokens to ensure you understand the implication of sending away your claim to lent assets + the accrued interest.  When you decide to make a withdrawal, you are essentially sending cTokens to Compound to redeem your deposited assets along with the accrued interest based on the cToken <> underlying token exchange rate.  To learn more about Compound Lending, you may view here for our in-house research article on Compound.  Read on to learn about how to make a deposit, view your earnings, and withdraw via DeFi Earn - Compound Lending.  Tap “Earn” at the bottom navigation panel of the DeFi Wallet app Enter Compound in the search bar Select your preferred token and enter the deposit amount to view your estimated earnings based on the latest APY percentages. Review and confirm your deposit by tapping “Confirm Deposit” Note: Depositing crypto assets to Compound Lending involves calling an Ethereum smart contract. This requires ETH as network fees, which causes the estimated network fee to be higher than normal transfers. Please ensure that you have sufficient ETH in your wallet before proceeding. Authorise the deposit request with your passcode (and 2FA, if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your deposit request Once the deposit request is confirmed, your DeFi Earn page will display an updated amount regarding your total assets.  In the DeFi Earn page, you will also be able to see the estimated APY at a token level. The tokens you deposit to DeFi Earn will be linked to the protocols you selected. Your assets will start accruing token rewards once the deposit is confirmed on-chain.  Navigate to the DeFi Earn page. The default view for your total DeFi Earn assets will be displayed in their fiat equivalent amount as “Total Fiat Amount” Tap on “Total Fiat Amount” to switch this to “Total Crypto Amount” and view your DeFi Earn assets in their crypto equivalent amount Tap on “Total Crypto Amount” to switch to “Earnings” and view your estimated earnings for each asset  For a more granular breakdown, tap on a specific token and you will be able to see the latest APY %, total amount deposited, and estimated earnings in crypto.  There is no lockup period for your deposit and you can withdraw your assets from DeFi Earn at any time. Here are the steps to withdraw your crypto assets from DeFi Earn: Withdrawal via the DeFi Earn tab Tap “Earn” in the DeFi Wallet’s bottom navigation panel On the DeFi Earn page, select the token that you would like to withdraw in the “Staked Assets” section Tap “Withdraw” in the DeFi Earn Details page Enter the amount you would like to withdraw and tap “Confirm Withdraw” after reviewing the transaction’s details  Withdrawal via wallet balance In the DeFi Wallet’s homepage, tap “DeFi Earn Assets” Select the cCOMP token in the following page Tap “View Earnings” in the “cCOMP BALANCE” page Enter the amount you would like to withdraw and tap “Confirm Withdraw” after reviewing the transaction’s details After confirming the withdrawal, a short amount of time is needed for the transaction to be processed.  Withdrawal via wallet balance From home screen, tap onto “DeFi Earn Assets” Select the token on the assets screen You will arrive at your wallet balance screen, tap “View Earnings” Tap onto the “Withdraw” button on the DeFi Earn Details screen After confirming the withdrawal, you’ll see the pending status on both your home screen and the DeFi Earn screen.  To help you better understand each of the steps from depositing to withdrawing from DeFi Earn,  here’s a sample: Day 1: Deposit into DeFi Earn You deposit 100 DAI In return, you get 200 cDAI based on the exchange rate Day 10: Check earnings Based on the exchange rate on that day, the 200 cDAI you have are now worth 102 DAI In total, you have accrued interest 2 DAI  Say you decide that you want to withdraw your crypto assets from DeFi Earn on Day 10: Withdraw all earnings You input the withdraw amount, i.e. 102 DAI Upon confirmation, we transfer the underlying 200 cDAI to Compound in order to withdraw the 102 DAI you have requested 0.5% of your corresponding earnings for the withdrawal is charged as a service fee, in this case, 0.01 DAI is charged Withdraw partial earnings You input the withdraw amount, i.e. 50 DAI Upon confirmation, we transfer the underlying 98 cDAI (based on the exchange rate on that day) to Compound in order to withdraw the 50 DAI you have requested 0.5% of your corresponding earnings for the withdrawal is charged as service fee, in this case, 0.0049 DAI is charged  Crypto.com charges a 0.5% service fee on the corresponding earnings for each withdrawal from Compound Lending. The fee is used to supplement the operational costs and risks associated with managing DeFi services, and bringing more DeFi projects to you.  Please note that Compound Lending is an Ethereum-based protocol and each deposit or withdrawal request incurs network fee in ETH.  Hence, we advise you to only withdraw your Compound assets + interest when you have earned enough to cover the network fee.  You automatically accumulate COMP by depositing to Compound. Once you have earned over 0.001 COMP, it will be distributed to your wallet the next time you make a deposit or withdrawal with Compound. The amount of COMP you will earn each day is proportional to how much is invested by you and everyone else using the protocol. View here to learn more about COMP distribution.
What is Yearn Earn V2?
 Yearn Finance is a suite of products in Decentralized Finance (DeFi) that provides lending aggregation, yield generation, and insurance on the Ethereum blockchain. The protocol is maintained by various independent developers and is governed by YFI token holders.  Yearn Earn is the first product and is a lending aggregator that optimises the interest accrual process across multiple protocols to obtain the highest rates at all times. Deposits are automatically shifted between dYdX, AAVE, and Compound as rates change.  With DeFi Earn integration, we handle the deposit and withdrawal process with Yearn Earn V2 natively on the DeFi Wallet app, hence you don’t have to worry about dealing with smart contract calls and we simplify the concept of yTokens and display the estimated interest you’re earning over time.  When your tokens are deposited to the Yearn Earn V2 protocol via DeFi Earn, you are transferring them to the Yearn smart contract. In exchange, you get the corresponding yTokens which represent the claim to your lent assets.  Interest isn't distributed but by simply holding yTokens, you'll earn interest as yTokens accumulate interest through their exchange rate — over time, each yToken becomes convertible into an increasing amount of its underlying asset, even while the number of yTokens in your wallet stays the same. Hence, we display an extra warning when you’re trying to send your yTokens to ensure you understand the implication of sending away your claim to lent assets + the accrued interest.  When you decide to withdraw, you are essentially sending yTokens to Yearn to redeem your deposited assets along with the accrued interest based on the yToken <> underlying token exchange rate.  Read on to learn about how to deposit, view earnings, withdraw via DeFi Earn. 
How do I deposit my crypto assets to DeFi Earn - Yearn Earn V2?
 Tap “Earn” at the bottom navigation panel of the DeFi Wallet app Enter Yearn Earn V2 in the search bar Select your preferred token and enter the deposit amount to view your estimated earnings based on the latest APY percentages. Review and confirm your deposit by tapping “Confirm Deposit” Note: Depositing crypto assets to Yearn Earn V2 involves calling an Ethereum smart contract. This requires ETH as network fees, which causes the estimated network fee to be higher than normal transfers. Please ensure that you have sufficient ETH in your wallet before proceeding. Authorise the deposit request with your passcode (and 2FA, if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your deposit request Once the deposit request is confirmed, your DeFi Earn page will display an updated amount regarding your total assets.   In the DeFi Earn page, you will also be able to see the estimated APY at a token level. The tokens you deposit to DeFi Earn will be linked to the protocols you selected. Your assets will start accruing token rewards once the deposit is confirmed on-chain. 
How do I view my earnings or deposited assets via DeFi Earn - Yearn Earn V2?
 Navigate to the DeFi Earn page. The default view for your total DeFi Earn assets will be displayed in their fiat equivalent amount as “Total Fiat Amount” Tap on “Total Fiat Amount” to switch this to “Total Crypto Amount” and view your DeFi Earn assets in their crypto equivalent amount Tap on “Total Crypto Amount” to switch to “Earnings” and view your estimated earnings for each asset For a more granular breakdown, tap on a specific token and you will be able to see the latest APY %, total amount deposited, and estimated earnings in crypto. 
How do I withdraw my crypto assets from DeFi Earn - Yearn Earn V2?
 There is no lockup period for your deposit and you can withdraw your assets from DeFi Earn at any time. Here are the steps to withdraw your crypto assets from DeFi Earn: Withdrawal via the DeFi Earn tab Tap “Earn” in the DeFi Wallet’s bottom navigation panel On the DeFi Earn page, select the token that you would like to withdraw in the “Staked Assets” section Tap “Withdraw” in the DeFi Earn Details page Enter the amount you would like to withdraw and tap “Confirm Withdraw” after reviewing the transaction’s details  Withdrawal via wallet balance In the DeFi Wallet’s homepage, tap “DeFi Earn Assets” Select the cCOMP token in the following page Tap “View Earnings” in the “cCOMP BALANCE” page Enter the amount you would like to withdraw and tap “Confirm Withdraw” after reviewing the transaction’s details After confirming the withdrawal, a short amount of time is needed for the transaction to be processed. 
Does Crypto.com charge a fee to deposit/withdraw to/from Yearn Earn V2?
 Crypto.com charges a 0.5% service fee on the corresponding earnings for each withdrawal from Yearn Earn V2. The fee is used to supplement the operational costs and risks associated with managing DeFi services, and bringing more DeFi projects to you.  Please note that Yearn Earn V2 is an Ethereum-based protocol and each deposit or withdrawal request incurs network fee in ETH.  Hence, we advise you to only withdraw your underlying assets + interest when you have earned enough to cover the network fee. 
What is Aave Lending V2?
 Aave is a decentralized non-custodial liquidity market protocol where you can participate as depositors or borrowers. As a depositor, you can earn a passive income by providing liquidity to the market. On the other hand, you can borrow assets from the liquidity pool as well with enough collateral from your deposited assets.  With DeFi Earn integration, we handle the deposit and withdrawal process with Aave Lending V2 natively on the DeFi Wallet app, hence you don’t have to worry about dealing with smart contract calls and we simplify the concept of aTokens and display the accrued interest you’re earning overtime -  When your tokens are deposited to the Aave Lending V2 protocol via DeFi Earn, you are transferring them to the Aave smart contract. In exchange, you get the corresponding aTokens which represent the claim to your lent assets.  When you decide to withdraw your deposited assets, extra funds earned through the aTokens will be credited to your account. For example, depositing 1 DAI will give you 1 aDAI, which will slowly grow in balance as time goes on. When you withdraw, that extra balance will be credited to you.  Read on to learn about how to deposit, view earnings, and withdraw via DeFi Earn. 
How do I deposit my crypto assets to DeFi Earn - Aave Lending V2?
 Tap “Earn” at the bottom navigation panel of the DeFi Wallet app Enter Aave Lending V2 in the search bar Select your preferred token and enter the deposit amount to view your estimated earnings based on the latest APY percentages. Review and confirm your deposit by tapping “Confirm Deposit” Note: Depositing crypto assets to Aave Lending V2 involves calling an Ethereum smart contract. This requires ETH as network fees, which causes the estimated network fee to be higher than normal transfers. Please ensure that you have sufficient ETH in your wallet before proceeding. Authorise the deposit request with your passcode (and 2FA, if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your deposit request Once the deposit request is confirmed, your DeFi Earn page will display an updated amount regarding your total assets.  In the DeFi Earn page, you will also be able to see the estimated APY at a token level. The tokens you deposit to DeFi Earn will be linked to the protocols you selected. Your assets will start accruing token rewards once the deposit is confirmed on-chain. 
How do I view my earnings or deposited assets via DeFi Earn - Aave Lending V2?
 Navigate to the DeFi Earn page. The default view for your total DeFi Earn assets will be displayed in their fiat equivalent amount as “Total Fiat Amount” Tap on “Total Fiat Amount” to switch this to “Total Crypto Amount” and view your DeFi Earn assets in their crypto equivalent amount Tap on “Total Crypto Amount” to switch to “Earnings” and view your estimated earnings for each asset For a more granular breakdown, tap on a specific token and you will be able to see the latest APY %, total amount deposited, and estimated earnings in crypto. 
How do I withdraw my crypto assets from DeFi Earn - Aave Lending V2?
 There is no lockup period for your deposit and you can withdraw your assets from DeFi Earn at any time. Here are the steps to withdraw your crypto assets from DeFi Earn: Withdrawal via the DeFi Earn tab Tap “Earn” in the DeFi Wallet’s bottom navigation panel On the DeFi Earn page, select the token that you would like to withdraw in the “Staked Assets” section Tap “Withdraw” in the DeFi Earn Details page Enter the amount you would like to withdraw and tap “Confirm Withdraw” after reviewing the transaction’s details  Withdrawal via wallet balance In the DeFi Wallet’s homepage, tap “DeFi Earn Assets” Select the cCOMP token in the following page Tap “View Earnings” in the “cCOMP BALANCE” page Enter the amount you would like to withdraw and tap “Confirm Withdraw” after reviewing the transaction’s details After confirming the withdrawal, a short amount of time is needed for the transaction to be processed.  
Does Crypto.com charge a fee to deposit/withdraw to/from Aave Lending V2?
 Crypto.com charges a 0.5% service fee on the corresponding earnings for each withdrawal from Aave Lending V2. The fee is used to supplement the operational costs and risks associated with managing DeFi services, and bringing more DeFi projects to you.  Please note that Aave Lending V2 is an Ethereum-based protocol and each deposit or withdrawal request incurs a network fee in ETH.  Hence, we advise you to only withdraw your underlying assets + interest when you have earned enough to cover the network fee. 
How can I opt out of my deposited assets as collateral on Aave?
 By default, all deposited assets to Aave Lending V2 on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet will have opted in as collateral. We currently do not support opting out your deposits as collateral on Aave. In order to opt-out your deposits as collateral on Aave, please go to the Aave Web DApp.
What is VVS Finance?
 VVS Finance is a decentralized non-custodial Automated Market Maker (AMM) protocol that brings an efficient way for users to swap and farm tokens, where you can participate as a depositor. As a depositor, you can earn a passive income by providing liquidity to the market. On the other hand, you can borrow assets from the liquidity pool as well with enough collateral from your deposited assets.  With DeFi Earn integration, we handle the deposit and withdrawal process with VVS Glitter Mines natively on the DeFi Wallet app, hence you don’t have to worry about dealing with smart contract calls and we simplify the concept of tokens and display the accrued interest you’re earning overtime -  When your tokens are deposited to the VVS Finance protocol via DeFi Earn, you are transferring them to the VVS Finance smart contract.  When you decide to withdraw your deposited assets, extra funds earned through VVS will be credited to your account. For example, depositing 1 VVS will slowly grow in balance as time goes on. When you withdraw, that extra balance will be credited to you.  Read on to learn about how to deposit, view earnings, and withdraw via DeFi Earn.  Note: Please reach out to the VVS Finance Support Team if you have any questions pertaining to VVS Finance that are not answered in this article. 
How do I deposit my crypto assets to DeFi Earn - VVS Glitter Mines?
 Tap “Earn” at the bottom navigation panel of the DeFi Wallet app Enter VVS in the search bar Select your preferred token and enter the deposit amount to view your estimated earnings based on the latest APY percentages. Review and confirm your deposit by tapping “Confirm Deposit” Note: Depositing crypto assets to VVS Glitter Mines involves calling a Cronos smart contract. This requires Cronos CRO as network fees, which causes the estimated network fee to be higher than normal transfers. Please ensure that you have sufficient Cronos CRO in your wallet before proceeding. Authorise the deposit request with your passcode (and 2FA, if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your deposit request Once the deposit request is confirmed, your DeFi Earn page will display an updated amount regarding your total assets. In the DeFi Earn page, you will also be able to see the estimated APY at a token level. The tokens you deposit to DeFi Earn will be linked to the protocols you selected. Your assets will start accruing token rewards once the deposit is confirmed on-chain. 
How do I view my earnings or deposited assets via DeFi Earn - VVS Glitter Mines?
 Navigate to the DeFi Earn page. The default view for your total DeFi Earn assets will be displayed in their fiat equivalent amount as “Total Fiat Amount” Tap on “Total Fiat Amount” to switch this to “Total Crypto Amount” and view your DeFi Earn assets in their crypto equivalent amount Tap on “Total Crypto Amount” to switch to “Earnings” and view your estimated earnings for each asset For a more granular breakdown, tap on a specific token and you will be able to see the latest APY %, total amount deposited, and estimated earnings in crypto. 
How do I withdraw my crypto assets from DeFi Earn - VVS Glitter Mines?
 There is no lockup period for your deposit and you can withdraw your assets from DeFi Earn at any time. Here are the steps to withdraw your crypto assets from DeFi Earn: Withdrawal via the DeFi Earn tab Tap “Earn” in the DeFi Wallet’s bottom navigation panel On the DeFi Earn page, select the token that you would like to withdraw in the “Staked Assets” section Tap “Withdraw” in the DeFi Earn Details page Enter the amount you would like to withdraw and tap “Confirm Withdraw” after reviewing the transaction’s details  Withdrawal via wallet balance In the DeFi Wallet’s homepage, tap “DeFi Earn Assets” Select the cCOMP token in the following page Tap “View Earnings” in the “cCOMP BALANCE” page Enter the amount you would like to withdraw and tap “Confirm Withdraw” after reviewing the transaction’s details After confirming the withdrawal, a short amount of time is needed for the transaction to be processed.
How do I claim my rewards if the Glitter Mines pool expired?
 We are integrating more pools from VVS Glitter Mines and they will only be live for approximately 60 days. After 60 days, we also provide a process for you to withdraw tokens you deposit and claim your rewards.  1. When you deposit your coins to VVS protocols, you will see the pool expired date on the pool selection page.  2. After the pool expires, you will see notifications regarding this on the navigation bar, DeFi Earn homepage, and asset management page.  3. You can tap [Withdraw and Claim Rewards] here to withdraw the VVS tokens you have deposited and claim your rewards. 
Does Crypto.com charge a fee to deposit/withdraw to/from VVS Glitter Mines?
 Crypto.com currently waived the 0.5% service fee on the corresponding earnings for each withdrawal from VVS Glitter Mines for users. The fee is used to supplement the operational costs and risks associated with managing DeFi services and bringing more DeFi projects to you.  Please note that VVS Glitter Mines is a Cronos-based protocol and each deposit or withdrawal request incurs a network fee in Cronos CRO.  Hence, we advise you to only withdraw your underlying assets + interest when you have earned enough to cover the network fee. 
How can I opt out of my deposited assets as collateral on VVS Glitter Mines?
 By default, all deposited assets to VVS Glitter Mines on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet will opt-in as collateral. We currently do not support opting out of your deposits as collateral on VVS Finance. In order to opt out of your deposits as collateral on VVS Finance, please go to the VVS Finance Web DApp.
What Is Ferro Protocol?
 Ferro is a StableSwap Automated Market Maker (AMM) protocol which brings a more efficient way for users to swap and farm tokens. It does this by creating more efficient pools consisting of highly correlated assets, such as stablecoin pools or native-wrapped token pools.  Some of Ferro’s advantages over other DEXes are as follows: Lower fees - Because of lower gas usage and traffic efficiency of the token swap/exchange mechanism versus traditional DEXes Lower slippages - Highly correlated assets reduce price divergence within tokens of the same pool Limited to no impermanent loss - Highly correlated assets reduce overall market exposures of the pools More utilization of pools - Highly correlated assets allow for better utilization, providing opportunities for users to benefit by deploying pools into other DeFi protocols. The utility that a stable curve pool like Ferro offers will also allow better composability between protocols in Cronos. For example, money market protocols can list their interest-bearing token in Ferro, while any lower liquidity stablecoins bridged from other chains can leverage the Meta Pool setup to bootstrap their liquidity.  In summary, the introduction of Ferro will bring various benefits to the Cronos ecosystem: A more efficient way to access stablecoins and other highly correlated assets with lower fees and slippages Composable pools that provide additional utility to different types of tokens (wrapped tokens, lending tokens, yield-bearing tokens)
How do I deposit into an LP on Ferro?
  Step 1: Tap Earn before tapping the Earn More button    Step 2: Select USDC, then choose the Cronos network    Step 3: Select Ferro Protocol and pick a liquidity pool    Step 4: Tap Proceed after reading this disclaimer    Step 5: Tap Swap Now    Step 6: Determine how much USDC you would like to swap to liquidity pool (LP) tokens    Step 7: Tap Confirm Swap when you’re ready    Step 8: The transaction will now be processed    Step 9: Once the LP token swap is complete, your new LP tokens will show up on the Earn page. Remember to stake your LP tokens to complete your deposit. Here’s how.    Step 10: Tap Unstaked LP Tokens    Step 11: Then, tap Complete Deposit Now    Step 12: Tap USDC-USDT-DAI    Step 13: Lastly, tap Confirm Deposit when you’re ready    
How do I withdraw From a Ferro LP?
  Step 1: In the Earn menu, tap on any token in the Assets section    Step 2: Select Withdraw under “Ferro Protocol”    Step 3: Input the amount of LP tokens that you would like to withdraw    Step 4: Tap Confirm Withdraw when you’re ready. Please note that network fees are charged for these transactions.    Step 5: Wait for the transaction to be completed. Feel free to close this window and check on the transaction’s status in the Earn menu.    Step 6: Your withdrawn LP tokens can be accessed by tapping the Unstaked LP Tokens section    Step 7: You can swiftly re-stake your LP tokens by tapping Complete Deposit Now in the pop-up window. If you would like to make a withdrawal, tap Swap LP Tokens Back instead.    Step 8: Select an LP token to swap. In this case, it would be USDC-USDT-DAI.    Step 9: Tap Swap when you’re ready    Step 10: Select a coin to swap your LP token to. Only USDC is supported for now, but stay tuned for other coins like DAI and USDT.    Step 11: Verify the transaction details before tapping Confirm Swap. Please note that this is irreversible.    Step 12: The transaction will now be processed. Once it is successful, you can check your swapped token balance in the Earn menu.   
How do I claim my Ferro Protocol rewards?
  Step 1: In the Earn menu, tap on any token in the Assets section    Step 2: Tap Claim Rewards under “Ferro Protocol”    Step 3: Check your reward details before tapping Confirm Claim. Please note that this action is irreversible.    Step 4: Your transaction will then be processed. Once it is successful, your token rewards can be viewed in the DeFi Wallet app’s Wallet tab.   
What is Tectonic Finance?
 Tectonic Finance is a decentralized money market for earning a passive yield on your assets and accessing instant-backed loans. Investors can deposit their crypto assets in Tectonic to earn a dynamic yield without any lockup periods while borrowers can boost their liquidity by supplying their crypto assets as collateral. 
What is TONIC staking?
 Tectonic allows TONIC holders to deposit their tokens in the TONIC staking module in return for yield rewards. Stakeholders receive token rewards, including a share of the protocol revenue generated from fees paid by borrowers. TONIC staking will drive further utility for the TONIC token. It seeks to align incentives with long-term believers of the protocol and benefits token holders. Other uses for staked TONIC include acting as community insurance if a shortfall event occurs and will eventually be used to vote on Tectonic governance proposals as well.
What is the cooldown period?
 You can make a request to withdraw your TONIC at any time. However, you will need to unstake them first and wait for a 10-day cooldown period to pass. After the cooldown period expires, you will be able to withdraw your TONIC. 
How do I stake my TONIC?
 Step 1: Navigate to the Earn tab and tap ‘Earn More’.  Step 2: Select "TONIC" and choose Tectonic Finance  Step 2: Select "Stake TONIC" pool and input the amount that you would like to stake  Step 3: Confirm the details of your stake and proceed after reading the disclaimer  Step 4: Wait for the transaction to be completed 
How do I view my earnings?
 You can review your TONIC earnings in the Assets section. Additionally, you can view more details on the DeFi Earn Details page. Your TONIC will be automatically compounded and the earnings will be reflected in ‘Staked amount’. 
How do I unstake my TONIC?
 Step 1: Navigate to the Earn Tab and select "TONIC" in the Assets section  Step 2: Select Unstake under Tectonic Finance  Step 3: Input the amount that you would like to unstake  Step 4: Review the request details and proceed by tapping ‘Confirm Unstake’  Step 5: Wait for the transaction to be completed. Then, your TONIC will have to undergo the 10-day cooldown period. 
How do I withdraw my TONIC?
 Once the cooldown period has ended, you are able to withdraw your unstacked TONIC.  Step 1: Navigate to the Earn tab and select TONIC in the Assets section  Step 2: Select Withdraw under Tectonic Finance.  Step 3: Review the request details and proceed by tapping ‘Confirm Withdraw’  Step 4: Wait for the transaction to be completed. Then, your TONIC will be added to your DeFi Wallet account balance. 
What if I unstake more TONIC during the cooldown period?
 If you choose to unstake more TONIC when you currently have TONIC tokens undergoing the cooldown period, both batches of tokens will be combined. The cooldown period will then be reset to 10 days. The built-in Swap feature in the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app is powered by the following protocols: DeFi Swap 1inch V4 PancakeSwap SpookySwap TraderJoe Sushiswap VVS Finance Velodrome Finance allows you to exchange almost all your tokens on 9 major networks with ease.
Here’s how to swap tokens:
 Open DeFi Wallet and go to the ‘Swap’ tab Acknowledge that you’re not a resident/citizen of a geo-restricted region Select the ‘From/To’ networks and tokens to view the estimated exchange price Enter either the ‘From’ or ‘To’ token amount and tap ‘Swap’ Review the network, protocol, swap pair, exchange price, minimum received/maximum sold amount, and estimated network fee  Please Note: There will be an additional service fee for swapping via 1inch V4. The swap price is inclusive of the service fee, and the received amount is estimated according to the adjusted price after the service fee deduction. Users can enjoy a service fee waiver for a limited time.  Tap ‘Confirm Swap’ and authorize the transaction with your passcode and 2FA code (if enabled) The swap transaction was submitted successfully Wait for the swap to be confirmed on-chain; 1.Go to the 'Swap' tab from the bottom navigation bar 2. Accept the DeFi Swap Terms and geo-restrictions 3. Choose the From/To networks and tokens 4. Enter the amount and tap 'Swap' 5. Review the swap details and tap ‘Confirm Swap’ 6. Authorize the transaction with your passcode/2FA code 7. Swap transaction submitted 8. Swap transaction completed
How many blockchains are supported for DeFi Swap?
 DeFi Swap currently supports the following blockchains: Cronos Ethereum BNB Smart Chain Fantom Avalanche Polygon Gnosis Arbitrum Optimism
How do I know which protocol the swap will be routed to?
 You can find this information in the Protocol field once you’re at the ‘Confirm Swap’ screen.  Please note that there will be an additional service fee for your corresponding swap amount on 1inch V4. The swap price is inclusive of the service fee, and the received amount is estimated according to the adjusted price after the service fee deduction. Users can enjoy a service fee waiver for a limited time. 
How are swap prices determined?
 Please refer to this FAQ for more details. 
What does the minimum receive or maximum sold amount mean?
 The swap output is estimated, you will receive at least the “minimum received” (if you specified the From amount) or maximum sold amount (if you specified the To amount) or the transaction will revert if there is a large, unfavorable price movement before it is confirmed. 
Why did my swap transaction fail?
 Occasionally, your swap transaction might fail due to an “Insufficient Output Amount” Error. Your input tokens will be reverted but the network fee (gas) will be spent. This is likely due to a sudden hike in swap volume for the corresponding token pairs. 
Are the DeFi Swap’s Boost and Pool functions also built within the DeFi Wallet app?
 No, only the Swap function is built within the app at the moment. If you’re a liquidity provider who is interested to add liquidity to the DeFi Swap Protocol via the [Pool] function and stake CRO to increase your DeFi yields via the [Boost] function, please visit www.crypto.com/defi/swap via desktop or mobile web and connect your DeFi Wallet to the protocol via WalletConnect to access the 2 functions.  View here for the step-by-step instructions. 
Can I customize the transaction settings for the swap function in DeFi Wallet?
 Yes, you can customize the Slippage and Gas Fees (Gwei) under the  “Advanced Settings”. Simply go to the Swap tab and click the settings button to do so: Slippage Tolerance: 1% - 49.9% (minimum received amount variation) Gas Fees: Average/Fast/Super Fast
Why is there a Price Impact / Why is the price of my asset rising/falling?
 Price Impact is the influence that swapping has over the market price of the underlying asset pair. It is directly related to the number of funds in the pool. When you execute a swap through DeFi Wallet, you interact directly with a liquidity source that offers the best price for the trade you made. DeFi Wallet does its best to optimize each trade before committing your executed swap.  Price Impact is affected by: The size of your trade relative to the size of the liquidity pool; The algorithm of the relevant swap protocol The constant product formula: x * y = k. Imagine a scenario where x and y are the reserves of two tokens: A and B. In order to withdraw some amount of token A, one must deposit a proportional amount of token B to maintain the constant k before fees. For this reason, the pool can always provide liquidity no matter how large a trade/swap is. Example: When a user buys ETH from a DAI/ETH pool, they reduce the supply of ETH and add to the supply of DAI. This results in an increase in the price of ETH and a decrease in the price of DAI. How much the ETH price moves depends on the size of the trade relative to the size of the pool.  If the trade assumes a smaller proportion of the pool, then there will be a smaller Price Impact and less slippage, and vice versa. 
Why can I view the Price Impact some of the time and not others?
 DeFi Wallet extracts multiple quotes from various DeFi protocols, including DeFi Swap and 1inch V4 on Ethereum, and VVS Finance Swap Cronos. You’re able to view the Price Impact of swaps on Defi Swap and VVS Finance Swap. 
What is the Slippage Tolerance in the advanced settings for DeFi Swap?
 Slippage Tolerance allows the user to specify a percentage range, where the swap transaction will be canceled to prevent unexpected losses if the swap index price deviates above the specified amount. The customizable range for Slippage Tolerance is 1% to 49.9%. 
What are Gas Fees in the advanced settings for DeFi Swap?
 Gwei is the denomination (sub-currency) of Ether (e.g. what cents is to dollars). Gas Fees, measured in Gwei, are payments made by users for the computing energy required to process and validate transactions on the Ethereum blockchain. In the advanced settings, there are 3 levels/speeds: Slow, Average, and Fast. The faster the transaction speed, the more Gas Fees, or gwei, you will need to pay.
Why am I unable to trade CRO even though I have a CRO balance?
 First, make sure that the issue is not caused by external factors like your network connection.  Next, please be aware that DeFi Wallet supports three CRO assets on different chains each requiring unique tokens as network fees:  Transactions of native CRO on the Crypto.org Chain (CRO) require native CRO as network fees Transactions of CRO on the Ethereum blockchain (ERC20 CRO) require ETH as network fees Transactions of CRO on the Cronos network (CRC20 CRO) require CRC20 CRO as network fees  To make a CRO trade, check the network you are transacting on and ensure that you have a balance of the corresponding CRO asset to use as network fees. For example, if you are transacting on the Cronos network, you will need a CRC20 CRO balance to pay for network fees. 
How can I tell if my CRO balance is native CRO, ERC20 CRO, or CRC20 CRO?
 Tap CRO on the home screen to go to the individual CRO page. Tap the total CRO balance to check the respective balance of the three CRO tokens Select the CRO you want to transact and go back to the individual page. You can now view the balance of the CRO token of your choice. This process applies to all multi-chain tokens.  Crypto.org Chain is a proof-of-stake (PoS) blockchain network and CRO Staking for everyday users is enabled via delegated-proof-of-stake (DPoS) consensus protocol.  Users can delegate their native CRO tokens to a trusted Validator. Validators run nodes to validate transactions on the Crypto.org Chain network and in return earn block rewards in CRO, which are then distributed to the Delegators after taking a Validator commission.  Please note that Crypto.org Chain Staking requires staking native CRO on Crypto.org Chain Mainnet instead of ERC20 CRO on Ethereum network. Learn more about the difference between native CRO and ERC20 CRO here. 
How can I get native CRO ready for staking CRO?
 Suitable for CRO holders who prefer an easy way to perform the migration Once you have registered an account, you can deposit your ERC20 CRO from an external wallet or buy CRO with fiat, credit/debit cards, or trade CRO with other cryptos Choose to withdraw CRO as native CRO on Crypto.org Chain by selecting the default [CRO] option instead of [ERC20] Suitable for non-custodial wallet users (support 12/18/24-word recovery phrase wallet import from other non-custodial wallets) When depositing native CRO to your DeFi Wallet, please double-check your sending wallet or make sure that the sender is using native CRO on Crypto.org Chain Alternatively, if you only have ERC20 CRO, you may easily migrate your ERC20 CRO to native CRO with our in-app CRO Migration tool and then perform the staking on DeFi Earn. Suitable for advanced non-custodial wallet users (support MetaMask or Ledger wallet connection) This process involves more complicated steps to perform the migration manually as you might need to generate the native CRO wallet address, so it is recommended for advanced users only.
What are the platforms I can stake CRO?
 Simple UI flow via DeFi Earn for staking, claiming rewards, claim to restake, unstaking, and redelegation The DeFi Wallet App supports the option to choose among our whitelisted validators for staking and redelegation (change delegation from existing validator to another validator) Read on to find out more about the step-by-step process An open-source beta version of Crypto.org Chain Desktop Wallet The desktop beta wallet supports basic sending and CRO staking operations on Mainnet and Croeseid Testnet, including the option to choose any CRO validators for staking and redelegation A command-line interface wallet client. It supports all the wallet operations including management, funds transfer, and staking operations, including the option to choose any CRO validators for staking and redelegation
Is there any minimum stake requirement or term for CRO Staking?
 There is no minimum stake requirement for CRO and you can stake/unstake anytime, please beware that when you unstake your CRO, it will undergo the 28-day unbonding period as enforced by the Crypto.org Chain (similar to other DPOS chains like Cosmos, Polkadot). During this period, your unbonding balance will not accrue any block rewards. 
What are the rewards for staking CRO?
 For active participants of the Crypto.org Chain network during the initial launch phase, the target annual return is set to be as high as ~20% with an estimated 500M CRO in yearly rewards to be distributed. 5 billion CRO has been allocated for distribution as rewards over the next 10 years.  Rewards are being generated and distributed every block (every 5-6 seconds). Therefore, the reward will be ready for you for every block being generated.  Please note that the annual reward rate is just an estimated rate and the actual amount is subject to network conditions including average block time etc. 
How do I start earning and stake my CRO on DeFi Wallet?
 Tap [Earn] on the bottom navigation of your DeFi Wallet app Tap [Start Earning] or [Earn More] to see the list of tokens supported for earning Select CRO and enter the stake amount to see the projected annual earning based on the latest estimated annual reward % Tap on the “To Validator” dropdown to choose another validator from our whitelisted validator list (we recommend not to stake to a validator with an existing voting power of >15%) Review and confirm the staking by tapping [Confirm Stake] Authorize the staking request with your passcode (and 2FA if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your staking request Once confirmed, you will see the refreshed CRO staking assets on your DeFi Earn screen Please note that every time when you increase your stake with the same validator, your reward balance will be automatically claimed into your wallet and your CRO reward balance will start to accrue every block after the staking request is confirmed on-chain. 
What happens after I stake my CRO and how do I understand my staking assets?
 You will see your CRO staking assets on your DeFi Earn screen. Tap on your CRO assets to navigate to the Crypto.org Chain Staking details screen for a more detailed breakdown of your staking-related balances. Balance Description Staked Balance Total CRO amount that is staked with the Validator Unbonding Balance Total CRO amount that is undergoing the 28-day unbonding period after the unstake request is confirmed  Note: Your unbonding balance will be automatically moved to your available balance in CRO wallet after the unbonding period is over Reward Balance Total CRO reward amount available for you to claim  Note: Every time when you increase your stake with the same validator, your reward balance will be automatically claimed into your wallet
How do I claim my CRO staking rewards?
 You can claim your CRO rewards anytime Tap [Earn] on the bottom navigation of your DeFi Wallet app Tap on your CRO assets to navigate to the Crypto.org Chain Staking details screen Tap [Claim Rewards] under the corresponding Validator You will see the 2 options to either [Claim to Wallet] or [Claim to Restake] Review and confirm the claim reward request by tapping [Confirm] Authorize the claim reward request with your passcode (and 2FA if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your claim reward request Once confirmed, you will see the refreshed CRO staking assets on your DeFi Earn screen and receive the rewards into your CRO wallet’s available balance for [Claim to Wallet] option
How do I unstake my CRO?
 You can unstake your CRO delegation anytime Tap [Earn] on the bottom navigation of your DeFi Wallet app Tap on your CRO assets to navigate to Crypto.org Chain Staking details screen Tap [...] > [Unstake] for the corresponding Validator’s delegation Enter the unstake amount Review and confirm the unstake request by tapping [Confirm Unstake] Authorize the unstake request with your passcode (and 2FA if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your unstake request Once confirmed, you will see the refreshed CRO staking assets on your DeFi Earn screen and your unstaked balance will be moved into the “Unbonding Balance” and undergo the 28-day unbonding period You can view your unbonding countdown via [...] > [View Unbonding Details] for when your unstaked amount is available in your CRO wallet for usage After completing the 28-day unbonding period, the CRO balance will be added back into your CRO wallet automatically. Note: Once you unstake your CRO, all unreceived rewards will be deposited into your wallet automatically. 
How do I redelegate my CRO to a different validator?
 You can redelegate your existing delegations - change stake from one validator to another without undergoing the 28-day unbonding period Tap [Earn] on the bottom navigation of your Crypto.org Chain Staking details screen Tap [...] > [Switch Validator] CTA Enter the amount that you want to switch from the existing validator to another validator Tap on the “To Validator” dropdown to choose another validator from our whitelisted validator list (we recommend not to stake to a validator with an existing voting power of >15%) Review and confirm the switch validator (redelegate) request by tapping [Confirm Switch Validator] Please note that you cannot redelegate any CROs on the receiving validator for 28 days afterward as enforced by the Crypto.org Chain to prevent “redelegation hopping” within a short period of time Authorize the switch validator (redelegate) request with your passcode (and 2FA if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your request Once confirmed, you will see the staking delegation change to the new validator Please note that every time when you redelegate your CRO from the existing validator to another validator, your reward balance with the existing validator will be automatically claimed into your wallet. 
What does the 28-day unbonding period mean?
 Your unstaked CRO will be available to you after a 28-day unbonding period, as enforced by the Crypto.org Chain. This is to protect against a Validator attacking the Crypto.org Chain and then immediately withdrawing the stake amount. 
Why did my unstake request fail?
 If you unstake more than 7 times in a 28-day period from the same validator, your 8th unstake request during this 28-day period will fail. You must wait for one of the previous unbonding balances to finish the 28-day countdown. You may check your current unbonding details via [Earn] > [CRO] > [...] > [View Unbonding Details]. 
How can I choose which validator to stake to or redelegate my CRO to a different validator?
 Please note that the DeFi Wallet app only supports staking or redelegation to our whitelisted validators. For now, if you’re an advanced wallet user and want to stake to any other validators, you may do so via the below wallet interfaces -  Via Crypto.org Chain Desktop Wallet (Beta) An open-source beta version of Crypto.org Chain Desktop Wallet The desktop beta wallet supports basic sending and CRO staking operations on Mainnet and Croeseid Testnet, including the option to choose any CRO validators for staking and redelegation Via Crypto.org Wallet Client (chain-maind) A command-line interface wallet client. It supports all the wallet operations including management, funds transfer, and staking operations, including the option to choose any CRO validators for staking and redelegation
Does DeFi Wallet charge a fee to stake my CRO?
 No, but Crypto.org Chain charges network fees in CRO for all staking-related actions (e.g. stake, claim rewards, unstake).  Hence, we advise you to only claim CRO rewards when you have earned enough to cover the network fee.  Please note that rewards received from Crypto.org Chain Staking are shared with the validator, as the validator charges a commission for transaction validation and node operation. The commission is a fixed percentage of your corresponding staking reward and is directly applied to your reward balance. The validator commission % is shown to you on the staking confirmation screen and could vary depending on the validator settings. 
How to get details about the Validators?
 The Crypto.org Chain explorer will provide more information regarding the validators in the future. The address search function in the block explorer allows users to search and access any validator’s detail by just inputting any of the information: block, transaction, account, or validator address.
Important reminder
 Crypto.com Team, Support, Ambassadors and Moderators will NEVER send you a private message (PM) first on Telegram or Discord. Anyone doing so is a scammer, and NEVER share your recovery phrase with anyone.  Token migration is the process of migrating your ERC20 CRO on the Ethereum network to CRO on Crypto.org Chain.  There will be multiple ways available for you, depending on where you are holding your CRO -  Suitable for CRO holders who prefer an easy way to perform the migration Once you have registered an account, you can deposit your ERC20 CRO from an external wallet or buy CRO with fiat, credit/debit cards, or trade CRO with other cryptos Choose to withdraw CRO as native CRO on Crypto.org Chain by selecting the default [CRO] option instead of [ERC20] to other external wallets Suitable for non-custodial CRO holders on mobile wallet apps We support a simple in-app CRO migration tool to let you send your ERC20 CRO for migration registration (read on to find out more) Suitable for CRO holders who have previously registered on these exchanges. Please follow the instructions on the exchange for more details on withdrawing CRO on Crypto.org Chain Suitable for advanced non-custodial wallet users, support MetaMask or Ledger wallet connection This process involves more complicated steps to perform the migration manually as you might need to generate the native CRO wallet address, so it is recommended for advanced users only.
What are the benefits of migrating my CRO to Mainnet?
 The target Mainnet CRO staking rewards is set at ~20% p.a. To stake or delegate to validators on Crypro.org Chain Mainnet and earn the rewards, you must first migrate your ERC20 CRO to native CRO on Mainnet before performing the staking operations.  On the other hand, Crypto.org Chain also features a lower transaction fee than the Ethereum network. If you’re withdrawing CRO via the Crypto.com App and Exchange, you may choose to withdraw as a native CRO on Crypto.org Chain for a lower withdrawal fee.  Furthermore, the Crypto.org Chain is featured with a faster processing time than the Ethereum network, and this allows you to deposit and withdraw your native CRO quicker than ERC20 CRO.  Learn more about the difference between native CRO and ERC20 CRO here and Crypto.org Chain Staking here. 
How do I migrate my ERC20 CRO to native CRO on DeFi Wallet?
 Our in-app CRO Migration Tool allows you to convert your ERC20 CRO to native CRO easily. Native CRO is the antive currency of the Crypto.org Chain, which enables near-instant CRO transactions with minimal fees. Native CRO also allows you to stake and earn CRO up to 20% p.a.  Each migration request consists of 2 on-chain transactions - [ETH Network]: Send ERC20 CRO to our migration bot - “burn” ERC20 CRO [CRO Network]: Receive native CRO after the bot verification, internal review and payout Go to your CRO individual wallet Tap [CRO Migration Tool] banner above your transaction history Read the intro page of the migration tool and tap [Migrate Now] Enter the ERC20 CRO amount you want to migrate and tap [Continue] Review your migration request and tap to agree the migration T&C Tap [Confirm to Migrate] Authorize the send transaction with your passcode (and 2FA code if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your ERC20 CRO to be sent to our migration bot After a successful sending, you will see the transaction status changes from “Request Submitted” to “Pending Approval” Normally, your migration request should be approved quickly and you will receive your native CRO within 5 mins after the transaction status is updated to “Pending Approval”  Please note that the swap function is performed by ERC20 CRO on the Ethereum network, while Native CRO is issued on the Crypto.org Chain and cannot be swapped with ERC20 tokens.   
How long does it take for my migration request to complete and receive native CRO into my wallet?
 For normal migration requests with the migration amount below our manual review threshold, your request will be processed within 1 hr usually, depending on the confirmation of your transaction to send ERC20 CRO to our migration bot (which varies based on ETH network traffic).  For the migration amount above our manual review threshold, your request will be processed within 1 business day after your transaction to send ERC20 CRO to our migration bot is confirmed on-chain.  You may refer to the below diagram for the migration process flow and transaction status changes:  
My migration request seems stuck, what should I do?
 Go to the transaction details page of your migration request, and check which status your transaction is at:  Tap [View Status on Explorer] to check the transaction status on the explorer If the status on Explorer is at a “Pending” state, please note that it’s pending with the ETH network for confirmation If the status on Explorer is at the “Success” state, please kill the app and re-enter the transaction details page to see if the migration status is at “Pending Approval” If your transaction is at “Success” status but the transaction details is still at “Pending Submitted”, please follow the instructions on the next question to re-submit your request to register again (no network fee will be incurred) If the status on Explorer is at a “Failed” state, unfortunately, we didn’t receive your ERC20 CRO and would not be able to proceed further. Please note that we’re processing your migration request, if your migration amount is a large amount, it will take 1-2 business days for us to process your request. If it has been more than 2 business days, please contact us via the give feedback form with your txid or explorer link. You may also escalate this issue in our telegram channel with your txid or explorer link.  My ERC20 CRO burn request is in the “Success” state on the Etherscan Explorer for >30mins and my migration transaction status is still at “Pending Approval” How can I confirm my migration status and resubmit the request registration? 1. Go to CRO Migration web Tool Tap [Connect Now] > [MetaMask] You may backup your 12-word recovery phrase via DeFi Wallet and import your wallet into MetaMask Chrome Extension Please note if you already have an existing Metamask wallet, in order to import an additional wallet with a 12-word recovery phrase instead of the private key or JSON file, you will need to redownload the Metamask extension as only the first wallet can be imported with the recovery phrase Go to the [Migration Records] tab Check for your migration record If your migration request is visible, that means the registration is successful, you may tap to expand the details for the latest status If your migration request transaction is not showing, please tap [Can’t find your migration record?] to resubmit the registration and follow the instructions below  To use the re-submission tool, please go to Explorer to make sure your ERC20 CRO burn request is confirmed and succeeded on the Ethereum network. Make sure your migration request is not submitted and the migration record is not visible on the web tool (see the above session) Go to CRO Migration resubmit tool Tap [Connect Now] > [Crypto.com DeFi Wallet] Fill in your native CRO address that starts with “cro…”  6. Fill in your ERC20 CRO burn transaction hash You may copy it via the explorer link via transaction details > [View Status on Explorer] 7. Review and confirm the details of your token migration request. Make sure all the information is correct. 8. Afterwards, read the "CRO Token Migration Terms". If you understand and agree to the terms, you can tick the checkbox and click "Sign Agreement"  9. Sign the agreement on your Metamask wallet. A MetaMask popup will appear and ask for your signature. By signing this message with your MetaMask account, you acknowledge that you agree to the "CRO Token Migration Terms" If you could not see the MetaMask popups, you can check the MetaMask browser icon on your top right-hand corner. You should see a pending action on the icon and you can click the icon to continue the operations on MetaMask. 10. If your migration request is submitted, you will see the following page 11. To check for the latest status of your migration requests, click the "Migration Records" on the navigation bar or go to the link 12. You will see a list of migration requests associated with your current account and its status of it. If you are uncertain of the status, you can put your mouse over the status for an explanation. 
Why do I need to migrate and is there a deadline?
 The Crypto.org Chain Mainnet is a different blockchain network than the existing CRO (ERC20) on Ethereum. This is the reason why the action of migrating your funds is necessary.  For staking CRO on Crypto.org Chain, you need to stake with native CRO. Please note that CRO (ERC20) is required to be used for the DeFi Swap Protocol that’s built on the Ethereum Blockchain and smart contracts,  Currently, there is no deadline for the migration. We highly recommend the existing CRO holders migrate as soon as possible to enjoy the benefits of the Crypto.org Chain and also stay tuned to our news channel for the latest updates. 
How can I convert my native CRO back to ERC20 CRO via DeFi Wallet?
 Unfortunately, you can’t convert native CRO back to ERC20 CRO via the CRO Migration Tool, so please consider your use cases carefully before the migration - Native CRO is required for Crypto.org Chain Staking via DeFi Earn ERC20 CRO is required to perform swap on Ethereum Network If by any chance you need to convert your native CRO back to ERC20 CRO, a workaround will be to deposit your native CRO to our centralized platforms - Crypto.com App or Exchange and choose to withdraw CRO as ERC20 tokens. Native CRO is the native currency of the Crypto.org Chain, which enables near-instant CRO transactions with minimal fees. ERC20 CRO tokens are created and hosted on the Ethereum blockchain, where ETH network fees are required to carry out crypto transactions.  Crypto.org Chain is a public, open-source and permissionless blockchain - a fully decentralized network with high speed and low fees, designed to be a public good that helps drive mass adoption of blockchain technology through use cases like Payments, DeFi and NFTs.  Crypto.org Chain has the following key-value propositions:  Learn more about the Crypto.org Chain here.  Native CRO and ERC20 CRO are different crypto assets, although sharing the same token name, symbol, and fiat value (1 native CRO = 1 ERC20 CRO), please ensure you understand the differences and confirm with your recipient or receiving wallet when you’re transacting CRO. Difference Native CRO ERC20 CRO Chain Crypto.org Chain - CRO Ethereum - ERC20 Address Format Starts with "cro..." Memo is required for sending native CRO to a centralized wallet Starts with "0x..." Network Fee In CRO: ≈0.001 CRO (≈0.0002 USD if CRO at $0.2 USD) In ETH: ≈0.025 ETH (≈$45 USD if ETH at $1800 USD) On-Chain Confirmation 10 seconds 5 to 30 mins depending on the ETH network traffic and fee tier Token Utility CRO Staking in Crypto.org Chain SWAP on Ethereum Network Withdrawal Fee via Crypto.com App or Exchange 0.001 CRO 200 CRO
How do I receive native or ERC20 CRO to DeFi Wallet?
 Go to your home screen Tap [Receive] Select CRO You will see 2 tabs - “CRO” and “ERC20”, choose the corresponding chain tab based on your use case of CRO on DeFi Wallet Copy / share the QR code of your CRO address with your sender Please note that you don’t need to provide a memo for your sender to receive native CRO on your DeFi Wallet.  Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is a decentralized (non-custodial) wallet where you’re the one and only custody of your wallet and crypto-assets. Your native CRO address is unique to you and isn't shared with other wallet users, that’s why there isn’t a memo in addition to your native CRO address to identify your wallet. 
How do I send native or ERC20 CRO from DeFi Wallet?
 For sending native CRO on Crypto.org Chain: Go to your home screen / CRO wallet Tap [Send] and select CRO if you enter via the home screen By default, the chosen option should be [Crypto.org] chain Paste/scan the QR code of the CRO address of your recipient Double-check whether your recipient address requires a memo to receive Tap [Next] Enter the send amount and tap [Send] Review your recipient address (and memo if applicable), send the amount, estimated network fee, and the total amount Tap [Confirm to send] Authorize the send transaction with your passcode (and 2FA code if enabled) See the pending to be sent screen and wait for the on-chain confirmation of your native CRO sending
For sending ERC20 CRO on Ethereum Network:
 Go to your home screen / CRO wallet Tap [Send] and select CRO if you enter via the home screen Select [ERC20] to send your ERC20 CRO via the Ethereum Network Paste/scan the QR code of the CRO address of your recipient Tap [Next] Enter the send amount and tap [Send] Review your recipient address, send amount, estimated network fee, and total amount Tap [Confirm to send] Authorize the send transaction with your passcode (and 2FA code if enabled) See the pending to be sent screen and wait for the on-chain confirmation of your native CRO sending
When is a memo required for sending native CRO?
 Follow the checklist below to decide whether a memo is required for your recipient Ask your recipient whether there is a memo for the native CRO address. Is the receiving address generated by a centralized or decentralized wallet? (The recipient will own the recovery phrase if it’s a decentralized wallet, in which case a memo is not required) If you are still unsure, we strongly advise you to send a small test amount first to ensure your recipient is able to receive the crypto. We will not be able to locate/reverse the funds if you fail to include the memo when sending the native CRO to a centralized wallet. 
How can I convert my ERC20 to native CRO via DeFi Wallet?
 To convert your ERC20 CRO to native CRO on the DeFi Wallet, please follow the instructions of the in-app CRO Migration Tool. Please note that you can’t convert native CRO back to ERC20 CRO via the CRO Migration Tool, so please consider your use cases carefully before the migration - Native CRO is required for Crypto.org Chain Staking via DeFi Earn ERC20 CRO is required to perform swap on Ethereum Network If by any chance you need to convert your native CRO back to ERC20 CRO, a workaround will be to deposit your native CRO to our centralized platforms - Crypto.com App or Exchange and choose to withdraw CRO as ERC20 tokens. Crypto.com DeFi Wallet currently supports sending BTC/LTC with SegWit address. As for receiving BTC/LTC into your SegWit wallet, you may send BTC/LTC from your Legacy or SegWit address - as long as your current wallet supports sending to SegWit.  Legacy (P2PKH): addresses start with a 1 Nested SegWit (P2SH): addresses start with a 3 Native SegWit (bech32): addresses start with bc1 Legacy: addresses start with a L SegWit (P2SH): addresses start with a 3 or M Please note that if you have imported an external wallet on Crypto.com DeFi Wallet with Legacy BTC/LTC addresses, unfortunately the legacy balances will not be displayed on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet. 
What is the difference between SegWit and Legacy address?
 Legacy address is the original BTC address while SegWit is the newer address format with lower fees.  SegWit means Segregated Witness, where Segregated is to separate and Witness is the transaction signatures involved with a specific transaction. In a nutshell, it is an improvement over the current bitcoin blockchain which reduces the size needed to store transactions in a block. 
Why use SegWit?
 The main benefit of separating the transaction signature from the transaction data is it reduces the size of the transaction data needed to store in one block. This allows each block to have extra capacity to store more transactions per block. This means the network can process more transactions per block and the sender pays lower transaction fees. This helps to improve your transaction confirmation lead time with added security.  Another advantage of SegWit is that they are backwards compatible, meaning that you are able to send funds from a SegWit address to a Legacy address. 
Why can’t I send BTC/LTC from my external legacy address to Crypto.com DeFi Wallet?
 One major downside with a SegWit address is that not all wallets, exchanges and services support sending to them. You will need to make sure that whatever you are using to send to your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet SegWit address understands the Segwit address.  If you see invalid BTC/LTC address error on where you’re initiating the send, it’s very likely that the wallet does not support SegWit. 
Send and receive Dogecoin (DOGE)
 Dogecoin (DOGE) is a Litecoin Fork, which is a fork of Bitcoin. It’s a decentralized, peer-to-peer digital currency that facilitates online payments. One of the most popular uses for Dogecoin is ‘tipping’, or rewarding fellow Internet-goers who create or share great content.  Learn more about Dogecoin here. 
Send and receive Bitcoin Cash (BCH)
 Bitcoin Cash (BCH) is a fork of Bitcoin (BTC). The total amount of supply, algorithm, block generation time, and the difficulty adjustment mechanism are the same as Bitcoin. The main difference is the "block capacity". The current block capacity of BCH is 32 MB, while BTC is 4 MB (using SegWit).  Learn more about Bitcoin Cash here. 
What are the different BCH addresses?
 BCH has two address formats: Cash Address (CashAddr) and Legacy Address. The addresses in these formats correspond to the same public key, but the encoding methods are different from each other and can be converted to each other. De-Fi Wallet currently supports Cash Addresses.  Cash Address: Launched by BCH developers Addresses start with q The prefix bitcoin cash indicates the network type, which can be added or not added, and does not affect the transfer Legacy Address: Inherits the address format of BTC Addresses start with 1/3 and are case sensitive Notes: Do not transfer BCH into BTC wallet address, also do not transfer BTC into BCH wallet address. Please note that if you have imported an external wallet on Crypto.com De-Fi Wallet with Legacy BCH addresses, unfortunately, the legacy balances will not be displayed on the Crypto.com De-Fi Wallet.
What is Dust?
 Dust refers to a tiny amount of coins in fractional values and is usually below the network/transaction fee. The Bitcoin protocol sometimes generates tiny outputs of coins when users send BTC back and forth. Other UTXO (Unspent Transaction Output) blockchains that are forked from Bitcoin also generate this same tiny output, e.g. Litecoin (LTC), Dogecoin (DOGE), Bitcoin Cash (BCH).  It is unprofitable for users to spend funds that require a larger value of network fee to confirm your transaction It pollutes the ecosystem by overloading the network with uneconomic transactions (in terms of data storage and time, the small-value transaction requires data space storage similar to the large-value transaction) It decreases your privacy level when you are consolidating your dust from various wallets to one, this exposes your wallet identities whereby others can guess the wallets all belong to one person When you are trying to send BTC/LTC/DOGE/BCH on Crypto.com De-Fi Wallet, dust UTXO error might occur when: The transaction is rejected by the network because it is constructed with dust UTXO, requiring more fees to spend the actual amount of what it’s worth, this is to prevent the network from being “spammed” with transactions that will slow down the network and creates costs to those running the BTC/LTC/DOGE/BCH servers. The transaction would generate dust change output that would make spending them challenging (referring to the previous point)  
How can I solve this dust UTXO error?
 Do not send small-value transactions with a higher fee amount. Since the network will attempt to create a UTXO from a small transaction, the transaction will fail. Try adding more funds first to the wallet before sending them all out. Having a larger transaction will ensure that the network accepts the transaction right away. Choose a lower fee tier in the send confirmation screen Make sure to leave a considerable amount of the remaining balance on the wallet so that the network will not consider it as a dust transaction when you’re trying to spend the remaining balance Cosmos is a decentralized network of independent parallel blockchains, each powered by BFT consensus algorithms like Tendermint consensus. Developers call this concept an “Internet of Blockchains.” The goal of the project is to allow separate blockchains to communicate with each other in a seamless manner.  Cosmos is intended to break the silos of blockchain economies by enabling assets to be transferred between one another. Hence, its transactions are fast and low-cost, and the network is scalable.  Learn more about the Cosmos network here.  ATOM is the native cryptocurrency of the Cosmos network. It serves a couple of vital functions. For one, it is used to execute smart contracts and complete transactions. New ATOMs are generated as rewards for network validators every time a block of transactions receives approval. The ATOM token plays a key role in maintaining interoperability between all zones in the wider Cosmos network and supports holding, sending, and staking functions. 
Receive ATOM
 Go to your home screen Tap [Receive] Select ATOM Copy / share the QR code of your ATOM address with your sender Please note that you don’t need to provide a memo for your sender to receive ATOM on your DeFi Wallet. 
Why is there no memo for the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet ATOM receive address?
 Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is a decentralized (non-custodial) wallet where you’re the one and only custody of your wallet and crypto-assets. Your ATOM address is unique to you and isn't shared with other wallet users, that’s why there isn’t a memo in addition to your ATOM address to identify your wallet. 
Send ATOM
 Go to your home screen / ATOM wallet Tap [Send] and select ATOM if you enter via home screen Paste/scan the QR code of the ATOM address of your recipient Double-check whether your recipient address requires a memo to receive Tap [Next] Enter the send amount and tap [Send] Review your recipient address (and memo if applicable), send amount, estimated network fee and total amount Tap [Confirm to send] Authorize the send transaction with your passcode (and 2FA code if enabled) See the pending to be sent screen and wait for the on-chain confirmation of your ATOM sending You are also able to stake ATOM and earn ~7%-10% p.a. Via DeFi Earn, view here to learn more. 
What's a memo for an ATOM address?
 Memo is an additional address feature necessary for identifying your recipient beyond the ATOM wallet address on a centralized exchange or wallet. Currency Feature Name Format Cosmos (ATOM) Memo String and/or numbers Tokens like COSMOS use the destination tag technology to determine the individual account a transaction should be assigned and credited to, as most centralized solutions use one address for all users for these cryptocurrencies. Failure to include a destination tag/memo when sending ATOM to a centralized address will lead to irreversible loss of funds. 
When is memo required for sending ATOM?
 Follow the checklist below to decide whether a memo is required for your recipient Ask your recipient whether there is a memo for the ATOM address Is the receiving address generated by a centralized or decentralized wallet? (The recipient will own the recovery phrase if it’s a decentralized wallet,  in which case a memo is not required) If you are still unsure, we strongly advise you to send a small test amount first to ensure your recipient is able to receive the crypto. We will not be able to locate/reverse the funds if you fail to include the memo when sending to a centralized wallet. Cosmos is a proof-of-stake (PoS) blockchain network and Cosmos Staking for everyday users is enabled via delegated-proof-of-stake (DPoS) consensus protocol.  Users can delegate their ATOM tokens to a trusted Validator. Validators run nodes to validate transactions on Cosmos Network and in return earn block rewards in ATOM, which are then distributed to the Delegators after taking a Validator commission.  Robust infrastructure, security, and trustworthiness are all important aspects to consider when choosing the right validator. Our DeFi Wallet node is built on the secure and high-performing validator node infrastructure of our partner, Bison Trails.  As an ATOM holder, you may now start earning ~7%-10% p.a. by staking your ATOM via DeFi Earn, requiring app version 1.6.0 or above.  Tap [Earn] on the bottom navigation of your DeFi Wallet app Tap [Start Earning] or [Earn More] to see the list of tokens supported for earning Select ATOM and enter the stake amount to see the projected annual earning based on the latest estimated annual reward % Review and confirm the staking by tapping [Confirm Stake] Authorize the staking request with your passcode (and 2FA if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your staking request Once confirmed, you will see the refreshed ATOM staking assets on your DeFi Earn screen  Please note that every time when you increase your stake with the same validator, your reward balance will be automatically claimed into your wallet and your ATOM reward balance will start to accrue every block after the staking request is confirmed on-chain.  You will see your ATOM staking assets on your DeFi Earn screen. Tap on your ATOM assets to navigate to the Cosmos Staking details screen for a more detailed breakdown of your staking-related balances.  Balance Description Staked Balance Total ATOM amount that is staked with the Validator Unbonding Balance Total ATOM amount that is undergoing the 21-day unbonding period after the unstake request is confirmed  Note: Your unbonding balance will be automatically moved to your available balance in ATOM wallet after the unbonding period is over Reward Balance Total ATOM reward amount available for you to claim  Note: Every time when you increase your stake with the same validator, your reward balance will be automatically claimed into your wallet  We also support showing your current staking assets delegated to other Validators via other non-custodial wallets. Please note that the supported staking functions differ from external Validators VS our primary Validator - DeFi Wallet.   You can claim your ATOM rewards anytime 1. Tap [Earn] on the bottom navigation of your DeFi Wallet app 2. Tap on your ATOM assets to navigate to Cosmos Staking details screen 3. Tap [Claim Rewards] under the “DeFi Wallet” Validator 4. For “DeFi Wallet” Validator, you will see the 2 options to either [Claim to Wallet] or [Claim to Restake] [Claim to Restake] will allow you to claim rewards and increase your stake to “DeFi Wallet” validator for a compounding effect of your rewards Please note that [Claim to Restake] is not available for other Validators’ delegation, you may only [Claim to Wallet] Please note that each claim reward request will claim all of your existing reward balance with the corresponding Validator as required by the Cosmos Network, you will not be able to specify the claim reward amount  5. Review and confirm the claim reward request by tapping [Confirm] 6. Authorize the claim reward request with your passcode (and 2FA if enabled) 7. Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your claim reward request 8. Once confirmed, you will see the refreshed ATOM staking assets on your DeFi Earn screen and receive the rewards into your ATOM wallet’s available balance for [Claim to Wallet] option   You can redelegate your existing delegations - change stake from another validator to the DeFi Wallet node easily without undergoing the 21-day unbonding period  1. Tap [Earn] on the bottom navigation of your DeFi Wallet app 2. Tap on your ATOM assets to navigate to Cosmos Staking details screen 3. Tap [Switch Validator] CTA at the bottom of other existing delegations 4. Enter the amount that you want to switch from the existing validator to the DeFi Wallet node 5. Review and confirm the switch validator (redelegate) request by tapping [Confirm Switch Validator] Please note that you cannot redelegate these ATOMs for 21 days afterwards as enforced by the Cosmos Network to prevent “redelegation hopping” within a short period of time 6. Authorize the switch validator (redelegate) request with your passcode (and 2FA if enabled) 7. Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your request 8. Once confirmed, you will see the staking delegation change to the DeFi Wallet node  Please note that every time when you redelegate your ATOM from the existing validator to another validator, your reward balance with the existing validator will be automatically claimed into your wallet.  You can unstake your ATOM delegation anytime Tap [Earn] on the bottom navigation of your DeFi Wallet app Tap on your ATOM assets to navigate to Cosmos Staking details screen Tap [...] > [Unstake] for the corresponding Validator’s delegation Enter the unstake amount Review and confirm the unstake request by tapping [Confirm Unstake] Authorize the unstake request with your passcode (and 2FA if enabled) Wait for the on-chain confirmation of your unstake request Once confirmed, you will see the refreshed ATOM staking assets on your DeFi Earn screen and your unstaked balance will be moved into the “Unbonding Balance” and undergo the 21-day unbonding period You can view your unbonding countdown via [...] > [View Unbonding Details] for when your unstaked amount is available in your ATOM wallet for usage After completing the 21-day unbonding period, the ATOM balance will be added back into your ATOM wallet automatically.  Your unstaked ATOM will be available to you after a 21-day unbonding period, as enforced by the Cosmos network. This is to protect against a Validator attacking the Cosmos Network and then immediately withdrawing the stake amount.  If you unstake more than 7 times in a 21-day period from the same validator, your 8th unstake request during this 21-day period will fail. You must wait for one of the previous unbonding balances to finish the 21-day countdown. You may check your current unbonding details via [Earn] > [ATOM] > [...] > [View Unbonding Details].  Cosmos Network charges network fee in ATOM for all staking-related actions (e.g. stake, claim rewards, unstake).  Hence, we advise you to only claim ATOM rewards when you have earned enough to cover the network fee.  Our DeFi Wallet Validator takes a validator commission on your staking reward balance, just like any other Cosmos validators. Rewards received from Cosmos Staking are shared with the validator, as the validator charges a commission for transaction validation and node operation. The commission is a fixed percentage of your corresponding staking reward and is directly applied to your reward balance. 
Send XRP/XLM - What is a destination tag for XRP / memo for XLM?
 Destination tag/Memo is an additional address feature necessary for identifying your recipient beyond the XRP/XLM wallet address on a centralized exchange or wallet. Currency Feature name Format Ripple (XRP) Destination tag Numbers only Stella (XLM) Memo String and/or numbers Tokens like XRP/XLM use the destination tag technology to determine what is the actual individual account a transaction should be assigned and credited to. As most centralized solutions use one address for all users for these cryptocurrencies. Failure to include destination tag/memo when sending XRP/XLM to a centralized address would lead to loss of funds and it’s irreversible. 
When is destination tag/memo required?
 Follow the checklist below to decide whether a destination tag/memo is required for your recipient Ask your recipient whether is there a destination tag/memo for the XRP/XLM address Is the receiving address generated by a centralized or decentralized wallet? (The recipient would own the recovery phrase if it’s a decentralized wallet then a destination tag/memo is not required) If you are still unsure, we strongly advise you to send a small testing amount first to ensure your recipient is able to receive the crypto. We will not be able to locate/reverse the funds if you fail to include the destination tag/memo when sending to a centralized wallet.  
Why is there a minimum balance required for XRP and XLM?
 Ripple (XRP) and Stella (XLM) are special crypto assets that have built-in requirements on minimum balances in order to activate the addresses - this is essentially similar to certain bank accounts that would require a minimum deposit to maintain for funds storage and management.  Once you have at least received 10 XRP/1 XLM in your Crypto.com Wallet in one transaction, the token wallets will be activated and you may start sending funds - while maintaining the minimum balance of 10 XRP/1 XLM in your Wallet.  This is also why your maximum send amount for XRP/XLM = your XRP/XLM balance - minimum balance required. 
Ripple’s (XRP) official statement on minimum balance
 The XRP Ledger applies reserve requirements, in XRP, to protect the shared global ledger from growing excessively large as the result of spam or malicious usage. The goal is to constrain the growth of the ledger to match improvements in technology so that a current commodity-level machine can always fit the current ledger in RAM and the full ledger history on disk.  To submit transactions, an address must hold a minimum amount of XRP in the shared global ledger. You cannot send this XRP to other addresses. To fund a new address, you must send enough XRP to meet the reserve requirement.  The current minimum reserve requirement is 10 XRP. (This is the cost of an address that owns no other objects in the ledger.) Each new account must set aside this much XRP, which cannot be recovered or sent to others.  You can learn more here. 
Stellar’s (XLM) official statement on minimum balance
 To prevent ledger spam and maintain the efficiency of the network, Stellar requires small transaction fees and minimum balances on accounts. Transaction fees are also used to prioritize transactions when the network enters surge pricing mode.  You can learn more here. 
Receive XRP/XLM
 Please refresh your wallet by pulling down the screen on the Home Page to sync the latest balances and transactions.  If your XRP/XLM wallet is a new wallet, you will need to receive at least 10 XRP/1XLM in your first receive transaction to activate the wallet due to the minimum balance requirement of the XRP and XLM Ledger.  You will not be able to receive any balances before your wallet is activated with a first top-up or receiving 10 XRP/1XLM in one go.  Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is a decentralized (non-custodial) wallet where you’re the one and only custody of your wallet and crypto-assets. Your XRP/XLM addresses are unique to you and aren’t shared with other wallet users, that’s why there isn’t a destination tag/memo in addition to your XRP/XLM address to identify your wallet.  Learn more about what is a destination tag/memo here.
Send and receive Polkadot (DOT)
 Polkadot is a blockchain protocol that links multiple specialized blockchain networks into a single protocol, allowing them to operate seamlessly together at scale. Blockchains that connect with Polkadot are called the parachains and can access the network’s proof-of-stake validation of transactions and security.  Ultimately, Polkadot’s goal is to take care of messy and costly cryptocurrency mining processes and enable developers to focus on creating DApp and smart contract functionality.  Learn more about the Polkadot network here.  DOT is the native cryptocurrency of the Polkadot network. It serves a couple of vital functions on the platform, namely: Providing governance for the network Operating the network Creating parachains by bonding DOT For now, the DeFi Wallet supports holding and sending DOT, staking function will be supported in the future.  Go to your home screen Tap [Receive] Select DOT Copy / share the QR code of your DOT address with your sender  Please note that you will need to receive at least 1 DOT as existential deposit to activate your new DOT wallet on the DeFi Wallet.  Why is there no memo for the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet DOT receive address? Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is a decentralized (non-custodial) wallet where you’re the one and only custody of your wallet and crypto assets. Your DOT address is unique to you and isn't shared with other wallet users, that’s why there isn’t a memo in addition to your DOT address to identify your wallet.  Go to your home screen / DOT wallet Tap [Send] and select DOT if you enter via the home screen Paste / scan the QR code of the DOT address of your recipient Tap [Next] Enter the send amount and tap [Send] Review your recipient address, send amount, estimated network fee and the total amount Tap [Confirm to send] Authorize the send transaction with your passcode (and 2FA code if enabled) See the pending to be sent screen and wait for the on-chain confirmation of your DOT sending  Please note that if you are sending DOT to an inactive DOT wallet address, make sure to send at least 1 DOT to activate the recipient address, else the transaction will fail and a network fee will be incurred. 
What is an Existential Deposit?
 Polkadot network uses an existential deposit (ED) to prevent dust accounts. For your Polkadot wallet to exist on-chain and be usable, it needs the existential deposit of 1 DOT. If your DOT wallet balance drops below 1 DOT (the ED requirement) Your DOT wallet will be deactivated but can be reactivated when receiving at least 1 DOT again The remaining balance (< 1 DOT), if any, will be destroyed after you performed a transaction  
Why is my DOT transaction not showing on the Explorer?
 In Substrate-based chains like Polkadot, a transaction's hash only serves as a fingerprint of the information within a transaction, and there are times when two transactions with the same hash are both valid. Hence, in order to identify the correct transaction, you could search for your transaction using the event id,  event id = {block number}-{ordering index of event within that block}  Say you are searching for an event ID, 4598615-6. Here are the steps to check on the Polkascan Explorer: Go to Polkascan: https://polkascan.io/polkadot Search by block number, 4598615 Scroll down and go to the “Events” tab, click onto 4598615-6 for your transaction details   If you are using Subscan Explorer, here are the steps Go to Subscan: https://polkadot.subscan.io Search using the event id, 4598615-6 If it shows that related extrinsic (equivalent to the transaction on Polkadot) is not found, simply tap onto the hyperlinked event id and search for it in the event category 
Why am I not seeing my DOT staking balance?
 The DOT balances shown on the DeFi Wallet app is the transferable balance of your DOT wallet address. Other balances including staking balance are currently not supported on the App yet. Rest assured that your funds are not lost, and please refer to the Polkadot explorer for a detailed breakdown of your DOT balances: https://polkadot.subscan.io/ NEAR Protocol is a decentralized platform where developers can host serverless applications and smart contracts which have easy access to open finance networks and benefit from an ecosystem of open web components. Unlike other blockchain-based platforms, the NEAR Protocol has been built from the ground up to be the easiest in the world for both developers and their end-users. And in the meantime, it still provides the scalability and security necessary to serve those users.  Learn more about NEAR Protocol here. 
What are the different NEAR Protocol addresses?
 NEAR Protocol has two address formats: Account ID Address and Implicit Address. The addresses in these formats correspond to the same public key, but the encoding methods are different from each other and can be converted to each other. DeFi Wallet currently supports Implicit Addresses. Account ID Address: Customized human-readable account IDs Comes in a format similar to domain names, e.g. jane.near Implicit Address: Consists of 64-character, e.g. 98793cd91a3f870fb126f66285808c7e094afcfc4eda8a970f6648cdf0dbd6de When importing the NEAR wallet address created from the official site, wallet.near.org, DeFi Wallet will generate a new address for your NEAR tokens. That means the balance of your NEAR Wallet on wallet.near.org will not be reflected. Rest assured that your funds are safe, and you can view your balance by going to Explorer.  Note: Sending of NEAR tokens to Account ID address is currently not supported on DeFi Wallet. 
Why is there a minimum balance required for NEAR?
 NEAR Protocol crypto assets have built-in requirements on minimum balances in order to activate the addresses - this is essentially similar to certain bank accounts that would require a minimum deposit to maintain funds storage and management.  Once you have at least received 0.00182 NEAR in your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet in one transaction, the token wallets will be activated and you may start sending funds. In addition, NEAR Protocol requires all addresses to have a minimum balance to remain active. This balance represents the storage space the account is using on the network and will go up or down as it uses more or less space. This is also why your maximum sends amount for NEAR = your NEAR balance - minimum balance required. BEP-20 tokens represent a diverse range of crypto assets that don’t have their own blockchain but reside on top of the Binance Smart Chain (BSC). BEP-20 is a technical standard that emerged to use for all smart contracts on the Binance Smart Chain for token implementations. 
How to receive BEP-20 tokens?
 To receive a BEP-20 token, you simply have to send it to your Binance Smart Chain address. If you haven't noticed already, your BEP-20 tokens’ receive address actually has the same format as ETH address and starts with “0x…”, so make sure you state clearly to your sender which token you want to receive, and which network you want to receive. 
How to send BEP-20 tokens?
 Sending a BEP-20 token is in fact informing the token contract that a transfer is required. To execute this transfer, the contract will require a fraction of BNB. That’s why you are using BNB as the network fee when sending BEP-20 tokens.  This is also why when your native BNB balance = 0, you will not be able to choose to send your BEP-20 tokens from the send coin list. 
How to connect to BSC dApps?
 If supported, BSC dApps can be connected via WalletConnect on the DeFi Wallet app. WalletConnect is an open protocol that lets you connect desktop DApps to mobile wallets using end-to-end encryption by scanning a QR code. Check the steps here on how to connect to dApps via WalletConnect on the app.  The team is working hard to enable WalletConnect on Binance Smart Chain to you shortly. Please stay tuned to our latest news. ERC20-tokens represent a diverse range of crypto assets that don’t have their own blockchain but reside on top of the Ethereum blockchain. ERC-20 is a technical standard emerged to use for all smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain for token implementations. 
How to receive ERC-20 tokens?
 To receive an ERC-20 token, you simply have to send it to your Ethereum address. If you haven't noticed already, your ETH receive address is actually the same as your CRO address, so make sure you state clearly to your sender which token you want to receive. 
How to send ERC-20 tokens?
 Sending an ERC-20 token is in fact informing the token contract that a transfer is required. To execute this transfer, the contract will require a fraction of Ether called Gas. That’s why you are using ETH as the network fee when sending ERC-20 tokens.  This is also why when your ETH balance = 0, you will not be able to choose to send your ERC-20 tokens from the send coin list.  Tap on the pending transaction details [View Status on Explorer] to see the latest status on the explorer Status Description Advice Success Your transaction was successfully mined and is confirmed on the blockchain. Please pull down to refresh your wallet to dismiss the pending transaction. Failed If you see a red (!) symbol, or a “BAD INSTRUCTION” or “OUT OF GAS” error message, it means that the transaction was not successfully sent You cannot cancel or replace this transaction. Instead, send a new transaction. If you received an “Out of Gas” error, you should avoid choosing the “average” fee tier when the network is congested. Reverted This is likely to be a smart contract user-error Please double-check the smart contract actions you’re taking Transaction Not Found This transaction cannot be found It’s possible that it did not go through. Please send a new transaction. Pending Your transaction was located in the transaction pool of the explorer you are using. It is currently pending (waiting to be mined) There is a chance you can cancel or speed up this transaction 2. After confirming your pending transaction is indeed still “Pending” on the Explorer, you may try to cancel and speed up the transaction by using the replace-by-fee method - Cancel: Sending a 0 ETH/ERC-20 transaction to your own address with a higher fee to prevent the previous stuck transaction from the process of waiting for confirmation Speed Up Sending the same amount of ETH/ERC-20 transaction to the same recipient address with a higher fee while simultaneously not having the previous stuck transaction go through. Essentially what replace-by-fee does is use the same nonce to broadcast a new replace transaction with a higher gas fee as miners always pick the transactions with higher fee (higher reward) to confirm first. Once the replace transaction (be it cancel or speed up) is confirmed on-chain, your previous pending transaction with the same nonce will be replaced and dropped.  We recommend cancelling the transaction over speeding up as it is not guaranteed your second transaction will actually replace your first one. Your first transaction could still be mined first, invalidating your second transaction. Choosing to replace a transaction with a new speed up transaction could lead to more confusion, or ETH spent unnecessarily in the form of gas.  3. Go to your earliest pending transaction and tap to view transaction details, choose your preferred replace option Cancel request Speed up Please ensure you’re cancelling/speeding up the earliest pending transaction with the lowest account nonce, when you view the transaction on explorer, there should not be an error “There is a Pending txn with a lower account nonce.” at the “Estimated Confirmation Duration” row. If that’s the case, you should look up your ETH address on Etherscan and check to see which ETH/ERC-20 transaction is still pending with a lower account nonce, you should always cancel/speed up a pending transaction with the lowest account nonce first as other transactions pending with a higher nonce would remain pending (even the replace transactions) until the earliest pending nonce is confirmed/replaced.  View here to learn more about what is nonce.  How to cancel my pending ETH/ERC-20 transaction? Go to your pending transaction details and tap [Cancel request] after ensuring the following - Review the network fee for the replace transaction of the cancel request and tap [Yes, let’s try it] Confirm the cancel request with passcode and 2FA (if enabled) You will see a new pending transaction for your cancel request, and your original pending transaction will be dismissed Wait for your replace transaction of the cancel request to be confirmed on-chain, once it’s completed, you should be able to send normally without any stuck/pending transactions How to speed up my pending ETH/ERC-20 transaction? Go to your pending transaction details and tap [Speed up] after ensuring the following - Tap [Speed up] to choose a higher fee to replace your original pending transaction Choose a higher fee tier or you can tap [Advanced] to customize your gas price and gas limit (for advanced users) After choosing a higher fee tier than your original transaction, tap [Confirm to send] Confirm the speed up request with passcode and 2FA (if enabled) You will see a new pending transaction for your speed up request, and your original pending transaction will be dismissed Wait for your replace transaction of the speed up request to be confirmed on-chain Why couldn’t I see the speed up or cancel request option for my pending transaction? Please note the replace-by-fee function to cancel or speed up pending transaction is only supported for the following - Only applicable for ETH/ERC-20 transactions Send ETH/ERC-20 requests initiated from Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app For smart contract transactions like swap, deposit/withdrawal via DeFi Earn or WalletConnect transactions, please note that currently there are no replace-by-fee options as there is an additional approval transaction to set the spending allowance of the corresponding smart contract for your swap/deposit transaction.  Refer to this FAQfor more details on how to clear the pending nonce by customizing the nonce value manually.
What is “Nonce”?
 A nonce is the number of the transaction of the sender’s address. Every transaction from an address is numbered sequentially, beginning with 0 for the first transaction. For example, if the nonce of a transaction is 10, it is the 11th outgoing transaction sent from the sender’s address.  The nonce is essential to take note of especially if you perform multiple transactions using the same address. The Ethereum network works in a way that a transaction with a lower nonce will be processed first before any other, thus if you have a problem with an earlier transaction, the ensuing transaction will not be included in the blockchain until the one with the lower nonce is successfully included. 
What is “Gas Price” & “Gas Limit”?
 Your estimated network fee for transacting ETH/ERC20 tokens on the Ethereum Blockchain is basically calculated by multiplying the “Gas Price” with “Gas Limit”.  “Gas Price” is the amount of Gwei that the user is willing to spend on each unit of Gas. The unit of “Gas Price” is called Gwei and 1 Gwei is equivalent to 0.000000001 Ether.  The sender sets a limit and a gas price for each transaction. To independently calculate the total cost of a commission for a transaction in Ether, it is necessary to multiply the gas limit by its price. For example, if the gas limit is 21,000 units and the gas price is 100 Gwei, the total network fee paid is:  21,000 gas x 100 Gwei = 2,100,000 Gwei = 0.0021 ETH  The gas used for executing a contract is different from one contract to another. It is recommended to check the previous transactions from the contract address and to expect a little more while setting gas limits during a transaction involving a contract.  On the DeFi Wallet app, for your convenience, we have configured the gas limit based on the various smart contracts and buffered a little more in case of the “Out of Gas” failed transaction. For sending ERC20 tokens, the gas limit is usually around 200,000-250,000 units while a swap or deposit/withdrawal via DeFi Earn could take around 400,000-600,000 gas limit units - the more complex a smart contract is, the higher the gas limit is required to execute the smart contract transaction. The advanced transaction settings for send ETH/ERC20 tokens are available for advanced users to customize the nonce value, gas price and gas limit requires app version 1.8.2 or above.  Please note that changing the nonce value and gas price or limit settings will impact your transaction processing and network fees, please use this feature only if you are familiar with what is nonce, gas price and limit.  You will find the entry point to the advanced settings via Select to send ETH or ERC20 tokens Enter recipient address Enter send amount Tap on the gear icon on the upper right of the send confirmation screen Edit the nonce value or gas price or gas limit according to your preference Check the projected network fee based on your customized gas price or limit and tap [Save Changes] only if you’re confident with your changes Review the customized advanced settings on the confirmation screen and tap [Confirm to Send] Authorize the send transaction with a passcode (and 2FA code if enabled) 
How can I use this advanced feature to clear a pending transaction by customizing the nonce value?
 If you have a pending send ETH or ERC20 transaction, we suggest you use our easy version of replace-by-fee by tapping on a pending send ETH or ERC20 transaction on Home Screen and scroll down to see the 2 replace-by-fee options - [Speed Up] or [Cancel Request]. Read here for more details.  If in an unfortunate event, you have a smart contract transaction pending (e.g. swap, deposit or withdrawal via DeFi Earn) or a pending transaction initiated via another wallet app, please follow the instructions below to clear the pending transactions manually -  Cancel: Sending a 0 ETH/ERC-20 transaction to your own address with a higher fee to prevent the previous stuck transaction from the process of waiting for confirmation Speed Up: Sending the same amount of ETH/ERC-20 transaction to the same recipient address with a higher fee while simultaneously not having the previous stuck transaction go through. Essentially what replace-by-fee does is use the same nonce to broadcast a new replacement transaction with a higher gas fee as miners always pick the transactions with a higher fee (higher reward) to confirm first. Once the replace transaction (be it cancel or speed up) is confirmed on-chain, your previous pending transaction with the same nonce will be replaced and dropped by the network as only a unique nonce transaction per ETH address can exist.  We recommend cancelling the transaction over speeding up as it is not guaranteed your second transaction will actually replace your first one. Your first transaction could still be mined first, invalidating your second transaction. Choosing to replace a transaction with a new speed-up transaction could lead to more confusion, or ETH spent unnecessarily in the form of gas.  Copy your ETH address and go to Etherscan Explorer: https://etherscan.io/ (preferably on a desktop so you don’t have to navigate in between the DeFi Wallet and your mobile browser app) Paste your ETH address in the search bar and tap [Search] Scroll down to see the [Transactions] tab of your current transactions Look for your pending transaction(s) and start with the earliest ones at the bottom with (pending) Click on the earliest pending transaction to see the details (you must always clear your earliest pending transaction with the lowest account nonce before the other pending nonce could be clear) If the transaction is still showing Status: “Pending” and Estimated Confirmation Duration: has been pending >24hrs, click [Click to see More] Look for the “Nonce” value All the transactions of an ethereum address have a nonce number that increments after each transaction.  Copy your ETH address Select to send ETH Paste your own ETH address Enter send an amount as 0 Tap the upper-right gear icon Update the nonce value to your earliest pending nonce transaction value retrieved from Step 2 Update the gas price based on the latest ETH network traffic: https://etherscan.io/gastracker and enter the “High” gas price in Gwei Leave gas limit as it is Tap [Save Changes] Review the updated advanced settings and tap [Confirm to send] and authorize the transaction Your new transaction should be broadcasted with an initial status of “Duplicate Nonce” on Etherscan Explorer Once the new transaction is confirmed, your previous pending transaction with the same nonce but lower gas price should be cleared and dropped by the network  Copy your earliest pending transaction’s recipient address Select to send the same token Paste the recipient address Enter the same send amount Tap the upper right gear icon Update the nonce value to your earliest pending nonce transaction value retrieved from Step 2 Update the gas price based on the latest ETH network traffic: https://etherscan.io/gastracker and enter the “High” gas price in Gwei Leave gas limit as it is Tap [Save Changes] Review the updated advanced settings and tap [Confirm to send] and authorize the transaction Your new transaction should be broadcasted with an initial status of “Duplicate Nonce” on Etherscan Explorer Once the new transaction is confirmed, your previous pending transaction with the same nonce but lower gas price should be cleared and dropped by the network ETH Gas Meter is a handy tool designed to give you a quick overview of the current Ethereum Network traffic in the app home screen. When the ETH Network is congested, you will also be able to set up a gas price alert and receive an app push notification to notify you when the gas fees go down.  ETH or ERC20 transactions initiated on the DeFi Wallet are submitted on-chain directly and require ETH as a network fee to incentivize the Ethereum Network to validate and confirm your transaction actions. Other than the fees that go to the network, DeFi Wallet does not charge any network fees. As there is only a fixed number of transactions per second the ETH network can validate and confirm, the ETH Network traffic determines the network fee for transacting ETH or ERC20 tokens, including swap and earn functions. 
How do I understand the ETH Gas Meter?
 You will see the ETH Gas Meter icon once you have updated your app to version 1.11.0 or above, the icon is at the upper left corner of your home screen and right next to the app settings icon.  We have briefly defined 3 tiers of ETH network traffic Normal when gas price <= 110 Gwei Busy when gas price > 110 Gwei and <=150 Gwei Congested when gas price > 150 Gwei So whenever you land on the app home screen, you will be able to see the current gas price in Gwei and the meter pointer pointing to the green/yellow/red zone to depict the traffic condition. For more details, you can tap the ETH Gas Meter icon and see the current 3 ETH network fee tiers - Slow / Average / Fast. For your convenience, we have also projected the estimated network fee required based on the 3 fee tier for the below transactions, tap on each fee tier to see the corresponding estimations Sending ERC20 token: using 210,000 gas limit Swap or Earn related transactions: using 600,000 gas limit Swap and Earn related transactions involving smart contract execution cost more than normal transfers as more computational power is required to execute the smart contracts set up by the DeFi protocols, hence a higher gas limit is required and this leads to a higher ETH network fee.  A good analogy is using driving a car to visualize the computational effort required for miners to validate and confirm your transaction on-chain - “Gas price” is the price of gasoline at the moment based on market demand “Gas limit” is the unit of gasoline required to drive a certain distance  View here to learn more about gas price (Gwei) and gas limit. 
How do I set up a Gas Price Alert?
 Tap the Gas Meter icon at the upper left corner of the app home screen Check what’s the current average gas price in Gwei e.g. 243 Tap [Set Up Gas Price Alert] Input your target gas price in Gwei e.g.100 and see the projected network fee for send, swap or earn ERC20 token Tap [Confirm] and grant DeFi Wallet app push permission for the first time by tapping [Allow] You will then receive a one-time push notification when gas price falls below 100 Gwei, feel free to edit the target gas price and/or toggle on the alert for future alerts  
Table of Contents
 What is a RPC node and why do I need one? How do I switch between RPC nodes for a given network? How do I add a custom RPC node for a given network? How do I delete a custom RPC node that I added previously? Do all my sub-wallets share the same RPC nodes?
What is an RPC node and why do I need one?
 An RPC (Remote Procedure Call) node is a server that helps apps function and verify transactions. These servers also let users read data on the blockchain and send transactions across different networks. An ideal RPC node should be both fast and reliable. 
How do I swap a blockchain’s RPC node?
 1. Navigate to Settings and tap Networks & RPC under the Web3 Connection section 2. Tap on the blockchain whose RPC node you’d like to swap 3. Under the Address section, select another RPC node  Just so you know, configuring RPC nodes is not available for certain blockchains right now. These blockchains will be disabled on the Networks & RPC page. 
How do I add a custom RPC node to a blockchain?
 1. Navigate to Settings and tap Networks & RPC under the Web3 Connection section 2. Tap on the blockchain that you want to add an RPC node to 3. Tap Add Custom Node under the Customize Node section 1. Navigate to Settings and tap Networks & RPC under the Web3 Connection section         4. Enter the URL of your custom RPC node. Tap the highlighted button to paste the URL if you have it copied to your clipboard. 5. Wait for the URL to load and tap Confirm once you’re ready to add it to the blockchain 5a. If you see this error message, please check for any mistakes in the URL you’ve entered. Alternatively, you can add another custom RPC node by inputting a new URL. 
How do I delete a custom RPC node?
 1. Navigate to Settings and tap Networks & RPC under the Web3 Connection section 2. Tap on the blockchain whose custom RPC node you’d like to delete 3. Tap Edit under the Customize Node section 4. Tap on the delete icon for the node that you wish to remove 5. Tap Proceed once you’re ready to delete the custom RPC node. Please note that you can add it back at any time.
Do all my sub-wallets share the same RPC nodes?
 Yes. Your sub-wallets will automatically reflect any changes made to your RPL URL settings, whether you’ve swapped, added, or deleted a node. The Crypto.com DeFi Wallet currently supports 31 blockchains and over 700 tokens. Watch this space because we're hard at work integrating even more blockchains and tokens. Here are more details for the 31 blockchains that Crypto.com DeFi Wallet currently supports. # Blockchain Brief Introduction 1 Cronos Cronos is a decentralized, open-source, and energy-efficient public blockchain with high speed and low transaction fees. 2 Crypto.org  Chain Crypto.org Chain is a blockchain built using the Cosmos SDK and Tendermint and is the backbone of the Crypto.org ecosystem. 3 Ethereum Ethereum is a technology for building apps and organizations, holding assets, and transacting and communicating without being controlled by a central authority. 4 Bitcoin Bitcoin is the first decentralized peer-to-peer payment network that is powered by its users with no central authority or intermediary. 5 Bitcoin Cash Bitcoin Cash is a spin-off from Bitcoin, with its goal being to fulfill the original promise of Bitcoin as "Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash". 6 BNB Smart Chain BNB Smart Chain is an EVM-compatible side-chain that is built to run smart contract-based applications. 7 Cosmos Cosmos is an ecosystem of independent interconnected blockchains built using developer-friendly application components and connected with the IBC (Inter-Blockchain Communication) protocol. 8 Dogecoin Dogecoin is an open-source peer-to-peer digital currency created in 2013 and most consider it to be the first meme coin. 9 Litecoin Litecoin is an open-source, global payment network that is fully decentralized, granting users instantaneous and near-zero cost payments to anyone in the world. 10 NEAR Protocol The NEAR Protocol is a simple, scalable, and secure blockchain platform designed to provide the best possible experience for developers and users, which is necessary for the mainstream adoption of dApps. 11 Polkadot Polkadot is the first fully-sharded blockchain, enabling scalability by allowing specialized blockchains to communicate with each other in a secure, trust-free environment.  12 Stellar Stellar is an open-source network for currencies and payments, designed so all the world’s financial systems can work together on a single network. 13 Ripple Ripple is a fintech company that provides a global payment solution via its patented payment network called Ripple Network (also known as RippleNet). 14 Polygon Polygon is a decentralized Ethereum scaling platform that enables developers to build scalable dApps with low transaction fees and high security. 15 Avalanche-C     The Avalanche-C chain is the default smart contract blockchain on the Avalanche platform and it enables the creation of any Ethereum-compatible smart contract. 16 Fantom Fantom is a fast, high-throughput, open-source, and secure smart contract platform for digital assets and dApps. 17 Arbitrum Arbitrum is a suite of Ethereum scaling solutions that enable high-throughput, low-cost smart contracts while remaining trustlessly secure. 18 Astar Astar is a smart contract platform that supports multiple blockchains and virtual machines. 19 Aurora Aurora is an Ethereum Virtual Machine created by the NEAR Protocol team, delivering a turn-key solution for developers to operate their apps on an Ethereum-compatible, high-throughput, scalable, low-cost, and future-safe platform. 20 Boba Boba is an L2 Ethereum scaling and augmenting solution, with extensible smart contracts that will enable developers across the Ethereum ecosystem to build dApps that invoke code executed on web-scale infrastructure. 21 Celo Celo is a mobile-first blockchain that makes decentralised financial (DeFi) tools and services accessible to anyone with a mobile phone. 22 Klaytn Klaytn is an open-source public blockchain that’s focused on the metaverse, GameFi, and the creator economy. 23 Optimism Optimism is a fast, low-cost, simple, and secure EVM-equivalent Optimistic Rollup blockchain. 24 Solana Solana is a fast and low-cost decentralised blockchain built to enable scalable, user-friendly apps for users all around the world. 25 Gnosis The Gnosis Protocol is a fully permissionless decentralised exchange for ERC20 tokens, enabling ring trades to maximise liquidity. 26 Metis Metis is a decentralised Ethereum L2 rollup platform featuring low gas fees, fast transactions, native storage, and high security. 27 Moonriver Moonriver is a companion network to Moonbeam, providing a permanently incentivised canary network. 28 Moonbeam Moonbeam is a Polkadot parachain that combines full Ethereum compatibility with the power of Polkadot, including scalability, cross-chain integrations, and on-chain governance. 29 ThunderCore ThunderCore is an EVM-compatible public blockchain that offers high throughput, fast confirmation times, and low costs, making it quick and easy for dApps to deploy and scale. 30 EthereumPoW EthereumPoW is a hard fork of the original Ethereum blockchain that uses the proof-of-work consensus mechanism. It was deployed by a group of Ethereum miners after The Merge took place. 31 Aptos Aptos is a Move-based layer-1 blockchain created with scalability, safety, reliability, and upgradeability as key principles. It aims to accelerate the world’s move to Web3.
What is Mainnet and Testnet?
 Mainnet is the real blockchain network used for “actual” transactions with “monetary value”, your wallet is set to Mainnet by default. Testnet on the other hand is a testing network that runs the same protocol as Mainnet does and is used for testing purposes. It allows you to experiment without having to use valuable coins on the main network (Mainnet).  Testnet coins are distinct from actual coins, they do not have any monetary value and cannot be used to pay transactions. Although similar, the testnet and mainnet are not compatible. This means that you cannot use actual coins on the testnet, and you cannot use testnet coins on the mainnet.  On the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app, we currently support CRO testnet and ETH testnets - CRO Testnet: Croeseid testnet is a testnet on the Crypto.com Chain—a secure, low-cost, and open-source blockchain powered by the Cosmos SDK. Cronos Testnet: Powered by Ethermint, Cronos Testnet is the trial version of Cronos, the Crypto.org EVM Chain—allowing rapid porting of apps and smart contracts from Ethereum. You can receive a test CRO to transact on the Cronos Testnet using the TCRO Faucet. ETH Testnet: ETH Testnet is a simulation blockchain that allows you to trial Ethereum transfers and smart contracts without using real tokens. We support Ropsten, Kovan, Rinkeby and Goerli ETH testnets on the DeFi Wallet app
How can I switch to testnet?
 You can easily switch to testnet with these simple steps below. Go to the Settings menu Tap “Network Settings” under “Account” Choose which Ethereum testnet you would like to use BTC, LTC, XRP, XLM, and other testnets are coming soon. Stay tuned for our service updates and product offerings by subscribing to our email updates from Home Screen > Explore or Settings > Account > Notifications. 
How do I know if I am using testnet in my Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app?
 When you are using testnet, there will be a blue indication bar at the top of the screen when you are navigating the app. All transactions and contract calls will be conducted on testnets.  As mentioned, testnet wallets do not involve real currency, and there is no way to turn testnet coins into cryptocurrency with real financial value. 
How can I receive testnet coins?
 Faucets are a popular way to get testnet coins. They are web apps that were developed to help users to get tokens on testnet for experiments. The two most popular Ethereum testnets are (i) Ropsten, which uses PoW (Proof of Work), (ii) Rinkeby, which uses PoA (Proof of Authority). Here are some faucets to receive testnet coins on  ETH & CRO testnets - CRO - Croeseid: https://chain.crypto.com/faucet ETH - Kovan: https://faucet.kovan.network/ (requires login with GitHub) CRO - Cronos: https://cronos.crypto.org/faucet ETH - Goerli: https://goerli-faucet.slock.it/ ETH - Ropsten: https://faucet.dimensions.network/ https://faucet.kyber.network/ (requires login with GitHub) ETH - Rinkeby: https://faucet.rinkeby.io/ https://faucets.blockxlabs.com/ You’ll be able to also find the latest available faucets with a simple web search for "testnet faucet". 
How can I swap testnet coins?
 Unfortunately, we currently do not support the swapping of testnet coins on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet App. Our team is working hard to support more DApps on the app. Stay tuned for our service updates and product offerings by subscribing to our email updates from Home Screen > Explore or Settings > Account > Notifications.
How do I import a custom network in the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet?
 1. Navigate to Settings and tap Networks & RPC under the Web3 Connection section 2. Tap Add Custom Network 3. Enter your custom network’s details and tap Add Network
What does each field in the Add Custom Network menu mean?
 Network Name: Your custom network’s name. You can use any name for custom networks that you import.  RPC URL: An RPC (remote procedure call) endpoint is akin to a node's address. It is a URL to which requests for blockchain data are sent to.  Chain ID: This is a unique identification number provided by the network that you’re importing.  Currency Symbol: A ticker for your network’s native token.  Explorer URL: This field is optional. It is a URL that you can use to access Block Explorer. Add it if you wish to obtain detailed transaction information on your network. 
What networks does the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet currently support?
 Currently, the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet supports 30 networks, including Cronos, Ethereum, and Bitcoin. Learn more about them here. 
How do I edit a custom network that I’ve already imported?
 1. Navigate to Settings and tap Networks & RPC under the Web3 Connection section 2. Tap on the custom network that you’d like to edit under the Custom Network section 3. In this menu, you can edit every field apart from the RPC URL. To edit your RPC URL, tap RPC URL Settings. 4. In the RPC URL Settings menu, you can swap between nodes, edit them, and add new custom nodes.
How do I delete a custom network?
 1. Navigate to Settings and tap Networks & RPC under the Web3 Connection section 2. Tap on the network that you’d like to delete under the Custom Network section 3. Tap Remove Network in the Edit Custom Network menu.
What functions do custom networks have access to?
 Please note that not all custom networks will have access to the following functions. Additionally, custom networks cannot access the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet’s Bridge, Swap, NFT, Earn, and Buy functions.  1. Asset Management: You can send and receive your network’s tokens, view token balances and prices, import custom tokens via your network, and view your transaction history.  2. dApp Interaction: You can connect to dApps via the in-app browser and transact with them. Additionally, you can connect to dApps via your desktop browser and approve transactions in the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app. What is Aptos? Which Aptos networks does the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet support? How do I find my Aptos wallet address? How do I airdrop APT on Aptos Devnet and Testnet? How do I import non-native tokens on Aptos? Sending tokens on Aptos How do I interact with dApps on Aptos? How do I view my transaction history on Aptos Devnet? Switching and adding RPC nodes on Aptos Creating multiple Aptos wallets 
What is Aptos?
 Aptos is a layer-1 blockchain built using the Move programming language and it is the successor of the Diem network. It aims to accelerate the world’s move to Web3 by being a blockchain that has high throughput and low latency while being scalable, safe, and reliable.  Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is among the world’s first non-custodial wallet apps to support the Aptos Devnet and its upcoming mainnet. 
Which Aptos networks does the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet support?
 The DeFi Wallet supports all three Aptos networks: Devnet, Testnet, and Mainnet. 
How do I find my Aptos wallet address?
 You can locate your Aptos wallet address in the DeFi Wallet’s Receive screen by searching for the APT token. This address will be the same across all three Aptos networks. 
How do I airdrop APT on Aptos Devnet and Testnet?
 Here’s how you can airdrop APT to your Aptos Devnet and Testnet wallet address. Please note that this will not be available on Aptos Mainnet: 1. Navigate to the Manage Tokens menu in the DeFi Wallet’s homescreen  2. Enter APT in the search bar and toggle it on  3. Return to the DeFi Wallet’s homescreen and enter the APT token’s menu  4. Tap Airdrop  5. If your token airdrop is successful, you’ll receive the notification below. Each airdrop on the Aptos Devnet and Testnet consists of 1 APT: 
How do I import non-native tokens on Aptos?
 Here’s how you can import non-native tokens across the three Aptos networks: 1. Navigate to the Manage Tokens menu in the DeFi Wallet’s homescreen and tap Import  2. Select either the Aptos Devnet, Aptos Testnet, or Aptos Mainnet networks and enter the token contract address. If the address is valid, the other fields will be automatically populated. The token contract address should appear similar to the following example: 0xb4d7b2466d211c1f4629e8340bb1a9e75e7f8fb38cc145c54c5c9f9d5017a318::coins_extended::USDC  3. Tap Import Token when you’re ready  4. If the import succeeds, you will be redirected to the Manage Tokens menu and your recently-imported token token will be toggled on  Please Note: You need to have an APT balance to settle the network fee for importing non-native tokens on the Aptos Devnet, Testnet, and Mainnet networks. 
Sending tokens on Aptos
 The process of sending tokens on the Aptos blockchain is slightly different from other networks.  Sending APT takes five steps: 1. In the DeFi Wallet’s homescreen, tap Send  2. Select the APT token and the Aptos network. Then, copy and paste the wallet address that you’re sending APT to or scan its QR code.  3. If your recipient’s wallet has an APT account within it, you can tap Next to enter how much APT you’d like to send to them.  3a. Otherwise, this message will pop up and you can create an APT account for them while making the token transfer.  4. Enter the amount of APT that you’d like to send to your recipient  5. Review your APT transfer’s details before tapping Confirm to Send. Please ensure that you have enough APT to settle the network and account creation fees.  Sending non-native tokens takes four steps as well. However, do note the difference in step 3a:  1. In the DeFi Wallet’s homescreen, tap Send  2. Select the token you’re sending and the Aptos network. Then, copy and paste the wallet address that you’re sending the token to or scan its QR code. In this example, USDC is being transferred.  3. If your recipient’s wallet has the token’s account within it, you can tap Next to enter how much of it you’d like to send to them.  3a. Otherwise, this message will pop up. Your recipient then has to create an account for the token that you’re sending to them in their Aptos wallet before you can proceed with the transfer. They can do this by importing the token that you intend to send to them. Please refer to this section (How do I import non-native tokens on Aptos?) above for more details.  4. Enter how much of your chosen token that you’d like to send to your recipient  5. Review your token transfer’s details before tapping Confirm to Send. Please ensure that your balance is sufficient to settle Aptos’s network fee. 
How do I view my transaction history on Aptos Devnet?
 There are two ways to view your transaction history on Aptos Devnet.  Option 1: In the Aptos Devnet token’s screen, tap View Explorer in the Transaction History section  This launches the Aptos Explorer via the DeFi Wallet’s own in-app browser. You can then search for transactions from your account address or even specific transaction hashes/versions and block heights/versions.  Option 2: In the DeFi Wallet’s Settings screen, tap Transaction History under the Assets section  Thereafter, tap on the ellipsis icon at the top-right corner before selecting View Local Transaction 
How do I interact with dApps on Aptos?
 Accessing and interacting with dApps on the Aptos blockchain with the DeFi Wallet is quick and fuss-free. Here’s how you can get started:  1. Tap Browser in the DeFi Wallet app’s bottom navigation panel to launch the dApp Browser  2. Enter the URL of the dApp that you’d like to access  3. Launch the dApp and connect your Aptos wallet to it  4. Remember, the dApp Browser supports multiple tabs. There’s no need to quit your current dApp if you wish to launch another one. 
Switching and adding RPC nodes on Aptos
 You can add and switch RPC nodes on Aptos via the RPC Node page under Settings. 
Creating multiple Aptos wallets
 You can create multiple wallets on the Aptos blockchain. Each sub-wallet that you create will also have its own wallet address for Aptos Devnet. Check out this FAQ article for more details.
What are Non-Fungible Tokens?
 Non Fungible Tokens, or NFTs, are unique and irreplaceable cryptographic tokens that represent a physical or digital asset. NFTs can represent anything ranging from art pieces, properties, achievements, trophies, unique video game items, digital IDs, or even domain names.  In contrast, fungible assets have units that are interchangeable with one another, such as bitcoin or the dollar bill.  You can now easily manage your collectibles on the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app by going to the dedicated ‘NFTs’ screen. Designed like a gallery, the ‘NFTs’ screen is organized into the ‘Spotlight’ and ‘Collection’ sections. You can select your favorite collectibles to spotlight at the top of the screen, and view specific NFTs as you scroll down the screen, which is grouped by collection. Tap onto an NFT to view more details about it.  Crypto.com DeFi Wallet currently supports Crypto.org Chain NFTs on the Crypto.org Chain, ERC721 and ERC1155 NFTs on the Ethereum network, as well as NFTs on Cronos Beta. 
What NFT attributes can I view in Crypto.com DeFi Wallet?
 Attributes at both collection and token levels can be viewed in the NFT feature. At collection level, collection name, icon, description, total supply, the number of holders, chain name, schema type, and contract address are viewable on the collection page which can be accessed from the token detail page.  At token level, token ID and NFT will be displayed. For generative NFT collections, additional information such as traits and rarity ranking also can be viewed if available.  NFT Trait percentage is the rarity indicator of individual traits which is calculated as Total number of NFTs with a certain trait type / Total supply 
NFT Rarity ranking
 Rarity ranking is calculated based on the aggregated trait rarities of each NFT in a statistical way, which means the Rarity ranking is not a fully objective measure to rank the rarity of each NFTs in the corresponding collection.  The rarity rankings across different NFT platforms and rarity ranking tools are varied since different statistical approaches are adopted nowadays. Therefore, the rarity ranking provided in the DeFi Wallet can only be used as a reference for the NFT value estimation. 
Marketplace information
 In addition to the intrinsic attributes mentioned above, marketplace information that is fetched from top NFT marketplaces in the supported blockchains is also available once the corresponding NFTs are listed on those marketplaces. For those NFTs or Collections are listed, the listed marketplaces*, floor price, trade volume, official website, social media*, NFT listing price, listing url can be viewed on both NFT and collection pages.  Currently the information from following marketplaces are supported: OpenSea for Ethereum NFTs, Crypto.com NFT Marketplace for Crypto.org Chain and EbisusBay for Cronos Beta Chain. 
Receiving NFT
 To receive an NFT, simply scan or copy the wallet address from the ‘NFTs’ screen, provide it to the sender, and wait for on-chain confirmation. Once confirmed on-chain, navigate to the ‘NFTs’ screen and you will see your NFT displayed  Notes: The wallet address to receive Crypto.org Chain NFTs is the same as your Crypto.org Chain token address. The wallet address to receive ERC721 and ERC1155 NFTs is the same as your ETH/ERC-20 token address. The wallet address to receive Cronos Beta Chain NFTs is the same as your CRC-20 token address. 
Sending NFT
 To send an NFT, simply tap on the collectible, click the ‘Send’ button, and input the recipient wallet address. Sending an NFT means transferring its ownership to the recipient, so make sure to always double-check the address, ensuring it is a valid address compatible with the Crypto.org Chain NFT, Cronos Beta Chain NFT, ERC721, or ERC1155 token standard.  Note: Only one NFT can be sent each time, so the process needs to be repeated for ERC1155 NFT copies.  
What is Spotlight?
 Spotlight is a section dedicated to your favorite NFTs. NFTs on Spotlight will be displayed as a slideshow, where images, videos, or even music will be automatically played when you are at the ‘NFTs’ screen. To add an NFT to the Spotlight section, navigate to the specific NFT and tap onto the [Spotlight] button.  Note: The maximum number of NFTs you can add to the Spotlight section is 20. 
How do I share NFT on Social Media?
 Easily share NFTs with your friends or on social media using the in-app customizable template, where you can choose from different background colors to showcase your collectibles in the best light. Here are the steps to generate the custom template of your NFT: Navigate to the NFT you would like to share On the top left corner, tap on the [Share] icon Review the pop-up disclaimer, then tap [Got It] A template will be automatically generated for you, and you can switch to different background colors at the bottom of the screen Tap onto the [Share] icon on the bottom right corner once you have chosen the right background-color You can save the image/video on your photo album, or any supported social media on your phone Note: The [Share] function is merely transforming your NFT to an image/video template that can be easily shared on social media. By sharing the NFT does not mean you are transferring your NFT ownership, please use the send function instead. 
What is NFT Profile Avatar?
 NFT Profile avatar is a new feature introduced on DeFi Wallet that allows users to use NFTs they own as profile pictures. 
How to set up my profile picture when adding or importing a new account?
 For a new wallet account that is just being created or imported, users can select their profile pictures on the Edit Avatar page which is the following step of setting up the newly added or imported account name. After the wallet name of an imported wallet account is confirmed by clicking the Continue button, DeFi Wallet will automatically load the supported NFTs* stored in this wallet account and categorized in NFT collections*.  If there is no supported NFT in this account, the page will automatically switch to the default icon carousel where the user can swipe to select a profile picture from a set of default avatar pictures (not NFTs) provided by DeFi Wallet. The same handling will be applied to the newly added accounts. 
Where can I edit my profile picture if I am already a DeFi Wallet user?
 A default profile picture will be assigned to the existing users before they change their profile pictures. Users can always edit their profile pictures by clicking the edit icon in the upper right corner of the newly added profile picture in the Settings menu.  Besides, on the NFT detail page of a NFT collectible listed in the NFT feature, users can see a snapshot preview if the corresponding NFT was used as a profile picture. Users can click the Use as Wallet Avatar button to change the profile picture instantly. 
NFTs in what formats can be used as profile pictures?
 Users can use most of the image files as their profile pictures, such as JPG, PNG, TIFF, and etc. But be aware that vector graphic files such as SVG will not be supported and displayed on the Edit Avatar page. Other media formats like videos or 3D models can not be used as profile avatars either. 
NFTs on what blockchains will be supported?
 DeFi Wallet currently supports NFTs on Ethereum and Crypto.org. Please check the NFT Feature on DeFi Wallet if you want to know more. 
What’s next?
 More media formats including SVG, GIF, and videos are planned to be supported in future releases, along with other functionality enhancements. You are welcome to provide any feedback regarding this new feature via DeFi Wallet customer support channels. Crypto.com DeFi Wallet users can now conveniently purchase cryptocurrency via three different methods: Crypto.com App Crypto.com Pay
How do I purchase cryptocurrency in the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet through the Crypto.com App?
 The Buy Crypto feature in the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet is powered by the Crypto.com App. This provides you with an easy and convenient way to purchase all your favorite tokens directly in the DeFi Wallet.  Follow the steps below to make your first purchase: In the DeFi Wallet’s home screen, tap Buy Select the token you’d like to purchase out of the 1,000+ available choices Confirm that you’re checking out via the Crypto.com App and that your DeFi Wallet account has already been connected to the App with a valid credit/debit card. If this has not been done, proceed to step 4. If you have linked your accounts already, proceed to step 5. Tap Connect and you will be redirected to link your DeFi Wallet and App accounts Select your preferred blockchain and enter the amount you’d like to purchase Once you’re ready, tap Next Review your transaction details and tap Confirm Purchase The transaction will proceed and your newly purchased tokens will be automatically deposited into your DeFi Wallet once it is complete You can check the status of your transaction by tapping on the Transaction History icon at the top right corner in the Buy Crypto page 1. Tap Buy in the DeFi Wallet’s home screen 2. Select the token you’d like to purchase 3. Select your preferred blockchain (if available) and enter the amount you’d like to purchase 3a. Ensure that your credit/debit card linked to your Crypto.com App account is selected as your payment method  4. Tap Next 5. Confirm your purchase 6. Enter your Crypto.com App passcode 7. Your purchase is complete
How do I purchase cryptocurrency in the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet using Crypto.com Pay?
 The Crypto.com DeFi Wallet now supports Crypto.com Pay.  Follow the steps below to make your first purchase: In the DeFi Wallet’s home screen, tap Buy Select the token you’d like to purchase out of the 1,000+ available choices Confirm that you’re checking out via Crypto.com Pay Select your preferred blockchain and enter the amount you’d like to purchase Once you’re ready, tap Next You will be redirected to Crypto.com Pay to review and complete your transaction For more information, please refer to this page Polygon is a protocol and a framework for building and connecting Ethereum-compatible blockchain networks, aggregating scalable solutions on Ethereum, and supporting a multi-chain Ethereum ecosystem.  Polygon combines the best of Ethereum and sovereign blockchains into a full-fledged multi-chain system. It solves pain points associated with Blockchains, like high gas fees and slow speeds, without sacrificing security. It is able to fully benefit from Ethereum’s network effects, inherently more secure, and more open and powerful.  Learn more about the Polygon here.  Go to your home screen Tap [Receive] Select MATIC Make sure you choose the correct network to receive MATIC, Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app currently supports the native Polygon network and ERC20 Copy / share the QR code of your MATIC address with your sender Go to your home screen / MATIC wallet Tap [Send] and select MATIC if you enter via home screen Paste/scan the QR code of the MATIC address of your recipient Tap [Next] Enter the send amount and tap [Send] Select the correct network to send your MATIC tokens, Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app currently supports the native Polygon network and ERC20 Review your recipient address, send amount, estimated network fee, and the total amount To send a native Polygon token, you’ll need MATIC as a network fee To send ERC20 token, you’ll need ETH as a network fee Tap [Confirm to send] Authorize the send transaction with your passcode (and 2FA code if enabled) See the pending to be sent screen and wait for the on-chain confirmation of your MATIC sending 
How do I bridge tokens across different blockchains via the Crypto.com App?
 We launched Bridge (via Crypto.com) as a way to support networks beyond Cronos Bridge. Now, you can easily transfer your tokens from Ethereum, BSC, Polkadot, Polygon, and many more networks to the Cronos Beta or Crypto.org blockchains.  Follow these simple steps below to make a Bridge (via Crypto.com) transaction: Connect your Crypto.com DeFi Wallet and Crypto.com App accounts Tap Swap at the bottom navigation panel Tap on the Bridge tab Choose the networks you’re transferring to and from Select the token and amount that you’d like to transfer Tap Transfer to view the transaction details in the confirmation page Once you have reviewed the transaction details, tap “Confirm to Transfer” to proceed with the token transfer Enter your passcode and 2FA code (if enabled) View your transaction details in the Request Submitted page You’ll be notified when the transaction is complete View your balance in the token’s page and your Bridge (via Crypto.com) transaction details in Transaction History 1. Connect to the Crypto.com App 2. Tap Swap at the bottom navigation panel 3. Tap on the Bridge tab 4. Choose the networks you’re transferring to and from   5. Select the token you’d like to transfer 6. Input the transfer amount 7. Tap Transfer to view the transaction details in the confirmation page 8. Tap Confirm to Transfer to proceed with the transaction 9. Enter your passcode and 2FA code 10. View your transaction details 11. You’ll be notified when the transaction is complete 12. View your transaction details in Transaction History  
Which networks and tokens are supported?
 Please update your wallet to the latest version to see all the supported networks and tokens. Network Token Ethereum ⇔ Cronos ETH, USDC, DAI, CRO, WBTC, LINK BSC ⇔ Cronos ADA Dogecoin ⇔ Cronos DOGE Polygon ⇔ Cronos MATIC, USDC, USDT Stellar ⇔ Cronos XLM Polkadot ⇔ Cronos DOT
How does Bridge (via Crypto.com) work?
 Unlike Cronos Bridge, Bridge (via Crypto.com) is a centralised service powered by the Crypto.com App. The following steps will take place when you initiate a transaction using Bridge (via Crypto.com): The Crypto.com DeFi Wallet will send the tokens to your Crypto.com App account address from the source network After you receive the token deposit in the Crypto.com App, it will be automatically withdrawn to your DeFi Wallet in its destination network You can check your balance in the token’s page
What fees do I need to pay for using Bridge (via Crypto.com)?
 A network fee is charged to send tokens from the source blockchain, and the amount depends on the current network conditions. A service fee is charged when the token is withdrawn from the the Crypto.com App. Please refer to this page to view the withdrawal fees for each token.
Is there a minimum transfer amount for Bridge (via Crypto.com)?
 To process your Bridge (via Crypto.com) transaction, there is a minimum transfer amount for every supported token. This is equal to the token’s minimum withdrawal amount. For more details on minimum withdrawal amounts, refer to this page. 
Why is my transaction incomplete?
 An incomplete transaction means that your tokens are held in your Crypto.com App account. This could be a result of any of the following: The amount that you are bridging is beyond your withdrawal limit You changed the connected wallet before the transaction was completed. For example, if you initiate a Bridge (via Crypto.com) transaction from Wallet A but connect Wallet B to your Crypto.com App account thereafter, Wallet A’s Bridge (via Crypto.com) transaction will fail. Please reach out to our Customer Support Team at ​​[email protected] or via the Crypto.com App's in-app chat. Alternatively you can log in to the Crypto.com App and manually withdraw your crypto to your DeFi Wallet. 
Where can I check my transaction history?
 You can view your transaction history in the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet’s Transaction History page. If you’d like to view a specific token’s transaction history, you can navigate to its page. However, if you’re viewing your transaction history in this manner, the records will not display how the tokens were transferred.
How do I bridge cryptos across different blockchains in DeFi Wallet?
 We launched the Cronos Bridge feature to provide you with a secure and convenient way to transfer your crypto assets across different blockchains through the DeFi Wallet.  Follow the simple steps below to make a transfer: Go to the wallet of the token you want to transfer or the Swap page and tap on the bridge tab Select the networks and tokens Choose the source network and swapped token in the From field Choose the destination network and the receiving token in the To field Enter the amount The equivalent fiat value or your swap (at that time) will be displayed for your reference Before transferring a large amount, we recommend transferring smaller amounts first Tap Confirm to Transfer Note on Network Fees: After the amount is entered, we will calculate the related fees and an estimate on how much you may receive. Depending on the network, the final amount may vary slightly because of gas fees. There is no minimum and maximum transfer amount, and bridge service fees are waived for now. Verify the transaction by inputting your passcode and 2FA authentication Wait for the transaction to be confirmed You will see a confirmation screen once the transfer has been completed Check historical transaction in the bridge transaction page Note: You can check your bridge transactions by going to the Bridge Transactions page, or the individual wallet of the token you transferred. 1. Connect to the Crypto.com App 2. Tap Swap at the bottom navigation panel on the bottom menu 3. Tap on the Bridge tab page. Choose the From network, To network, and token 4. Choose the From and To network that you would like to bridge your tokens  5. Select the token you want to transfer 6. Key in the transfer amount 7. Click on Transfer and check your transaction. 8. Tap Confirm to Transfer to proceed with the transaction 9. Enter your passcode and 2FA code 10. View your transaction details 11. You’ll be notified when the transaction is complete. Wait for transaction completion notification 12. View your transaction details in Transaction History
What is Cronos Bridge?
 Cronos Bridge allows users to transfer assets between blockchains through the DeFi Wallet. It currently supports CRO transfers between the Crypto.org Chain and Cronos, as well as ATOM transfers between Cosmos and Cronos. Cross-chain bridging between Ethereum and Cronos will be launched soon, and it will support ERC20 tokens like ETH, WBTC, USDT, and DAT.  You can learn more about Cronos Bridge here. 
How can I bridge my ERC20 CRO from Ethereum to Cronos?
 While the bridge service between Ethereum and Cronos is in the works, DeFi Wallet has provided a Migration Tool to transfer ERC20 CRO to Crypto.com CRO. Users can use this tool to migrate their ERC20 CRO to the Crypto.org Chain first, and then use Cronos Bridge to transfer native CRO from the Crypto.org Chain to Cronos. Please visit our Help Centre to learn more about the Migration Tool in DeFi Wallet. 
What are the fees involved?
 The fees displayed are network gas fees the network charges to process transactions, and may vary depending on the network.  For any bridge transaction, network gas fees are incurred on two chains: The source network gas fee will be displayed and settled directly in your wallet The destination network gas fee will be collected by our decentralised bridge and used to pay the network The Bridge Service Fee to pay the destination network gas fee will be waived for now as our way to welcome users into the Cronos ecosystem! 
What are the support blockchains and tokens?
 We currently support bridging CRO between the Crypto.org Chain and Cronos, as well as ATOM between Cosmos and Cronos.To transfer between Crypto.org and Ethereum, please use the CRO Migration Tool. 
How fast is the transfer?
 The transfer speed depends on the source and destination network. 
Can I transfer assets to a different wallet than my own?
 Currently, we only support transfers between addresses within the same wallet. 
Can I make multiple transfers in one go?
 While it is possible to have multiple ongoing transactions, we recommend making one transaction at a time. 
Why is the status of my transaction always pending - Request Submitted?
 If you are bridging ATOM between Cosmos and Cronos, we will not update the status of your transaction (it will always show Request Submitted) because the indexing service is not ready yet. But it won’t affect the success of your transaction, and you are able to check the status via the on-chain Explorer or from your ATOM Wallet.  If you still didn’t receive the transfer on the destination network after an hour, please reach out to Customer Support at [email protected]. 
Where can I receive support?
 For troubleshooting or general questions, please contact [email protected]. 
Where can I report bugs and provide product feedback?
 For bug reports, please contact [email protected].
How do I find my missing funds?
 Please check the Bridge Transaction page to view your past transactions. If your transaction cannot be found, it was likely not initiated at all.  If you believe your funds are missing, please contact us at [email protected].
What is Cronos Mainnet?
 Cronos is the EVM chain running in parallel to the Crypto.org Chain. It aims to massively scale the DeFi ecosystem, by providing developers with the ability to rapidly port apps from Ethereum and EVM-compatible chains, with funding from Particle B’s $100m EVM fund and access to the 10M+ user base of the Crypto.com ecosystem.  You can send, receive and manage your CRO tokens on Cronos, Crypto.org EVM Chain, in the DeFi Wallet Application.  Learn more about Cronos Mainnet here. 
How do I View Cronos Token Balance?
 Your tokens in your wallet show a total balance across all networks. To view only the balance in your Cronos network, click on the dropdown option at the top of each token page and select Cronos balance.  If you do not see Cronos as an option, it means that the token is not supported on this network. 
How do I Send Tokens from the Cronos Network?
 You can send tokens just like how you normally do. Simply click on the specified network below the token name before sending it.  If you do not see Cronos as an option, it means that the token is not supported on this network. 
How do I Receive Tokens from the Cronos Network?
 You can receive tokens just like how you normally do. Simply choose the specified network from the dropdown before sharing your wallet address.
Why are the tokens I want not available in the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet?
 The Crypto.com DeFi Wallet only includes tokens that are checked and verified by Crypto.com to ensure that all their information (price, name, ticker symbol, etc.) is accurate. We update the list and add new tokens on a regular basis. You can add an unlisted token in the DeFi Wallet app by using the Import Tokens or Token Lists feature. 
How can I add a token to my list of tokens?
 There are 2 ways to accomplish this -  A) Follow the four steps below to manually add a token to your list: Tap Manage Tokens on the homepage. Tap Import at the top right corner. Select the right network and fill in the Token Contract Address field. The Crypto.com DeFi Wallet will automatically populate the token’s name, symbol, and decimals. If the DeFi Wallet is unable to populate the information mentioned above, you can input it manually. The Import Token button will be enabled once the necessary information is included. Simply tap it to finish importing your token. B) Follow the steps to add a token via a token list Tap Manage Tokens in the homepage Enter a token symbol using the search bar at the top If the token is found from an existing token list, it will be displayed here Tap Add Token to add the token to your personal token list
What is a token list?
 Tap Manage Token on the homepage. Tap on the List  tab Toggle a list on All the tokens in that list will be added to your personal token list To toggle on specific tokens added to your personal list from the token list, tap the Token tab at the top and enable any token there. Alternatively, use the search bar to find the token you wish to switch on  A token list is a service provided by different protocols following the token list standard created by Uniswap. This enables third parties to create lists of tokens that can be added to any app or dApp that supports the token list standard. 
How do I add a token list?
What is the blockchain for my token?
 This refers to the blockchain that the token is built on, such as Ethereum or Polygon. You can find this information by going to the token’s website. 
What is a token address?
 Token addresses detail the location of the token contract, which manages the logic of the respective token. You can find this information by perusing the respective token’s website. 
What is a token name?
 Token names are what the token contract is referred to (e.g., Bitcoin, Ethereum, Cronos). Please note that different tokens may have the same name and that names are not unique identifiers. You can confirm a token’s name by checking the token address. 
What are token symbols?
 Token symbols are an abbreviation of the token name (e.g., BTC, ETH, CRO). These are usually 3 to 4 characters in length and they are broadly equivalent to a stock ticker. Please note that different tokens can have the same symbol, and that such symbols are not unique identifiers. You can confirm the symbol by checking the token address. 
What are token decimals?
 Decimals refer to how divisible a token can be, from 0 (not at all divisible) to 18 (pretty much continuous) and even higher if required. Technically speaking, the decimals value is the number of digits that come after the decimal place when displaying token values on-screen. To determine the token decimals, you can look at the token's website for more information or visit the website of the blockchain of the token and search for it there. 
How do I remove an imported token?
 1. Tap the Settings [...] button on the token’s page 2. Tap Remove Token 3. Confirm to remove 4. You’ll receive an in-app confirmation once the token has been removed
How do I remove a token list? Tap Manage Tokens in the homepage.
 Tap the List  tab at the top Toggle off a list The tokens in the list which are not already in the default list or added by another list will be removed from your personal token list
Will I lose my funds if I remove a token from my list?
 Removing a token will only remove it from being displayed in your token list. Removal will not affect the balance in your wallet. If you want to display the token, simply import it again. 
Why don't imported tokens have access to functions like Swap, Buy, and Price Information?
 When users import tokens, they may not have been checked or verified by Crypto.com to be authentic or secure. Therefore, to better protect the interests of all our users, Crypto.com DeFi Wallet will not provide certain functions pertaining to such tokens. 
Are imported tokens safe to trade with?
 Transactions in the DeFi world are not managed by any institutions. Thus, a user’s decision to import tokens is not supervised by Crypto.com. Any party can release new tokens with their choice of names and symbols. As such, token names and symbols are not unique identifiers, as a fake version of an existing token can be created by using the same name and symbol as an existing token. A token’s address is the only unique identifier of a token. Please check token addresses carefully in order to verify the authenticity and origin of any token you intend to import and transact with. People from the following locations are restricted from using the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet: Markets Country Code American Samoa AS / ASM Afghanistan AF / AFG Andorra AD / AND Bangladesh BD / BGD Bolivia BO / BOL Burma (Myanmar) MM / MMR Burundi BI / BDI Central African Republic CF / CAF China CN / CHN Congo, Dem. Rep. CD / COD Cook Islands CK / COK Cote d'Ivoire CV / CIV Crimea Region - Cuba CU / CUB Donetsk - East Timor (Timor-Leste) TL/TLS Ecuador EC / ECU Equatorial Guinea GQ / GNQ Eritrea ER / ERI Ethiopia ET / ETH Gaza Strip GZ Greenland GL / GRL Guam GU / GUM Guinea-Bissau GW / GNB Guinea, Republic of GN / GIN Hong Kong HK / HKG Iran IR / IRN Iraq IQ / IRQ Kiribati KI / KIR Korea, North KP / PRK Kosovo XK / XKX Kyrgyzstan (Kyrgyz Republic) KG / KGZ Lebanon LB / LBN Lesotho LS / LSO Libya LY / LBY Luhansk - Mali ML / MLI Marshall Islands MH / MHL Martinique MQ / MTQ Mayotte YT / MYT Namibia NA / NAM Nepal NP / NPL North Mariana Islands MP / MNP Palestine PS / PSE Reunion RE / REU Saint Helena SH / SHN Saint Martin SX Singapore SG / SGP Sint Maarten SX Somalia SO / SOM South Sudan SS / SSD St Pierre & Miquelon PM / SPM Sudan SD / SDN Swaziland SZ / SWZ Syria SY / SYR Tuvalu TV / TUV Venezuela VE / VEN Wallis and Futuna WF / WLF West Bank - Western Sahara EH / ESH Yemen YE / YEM Zimbabwe ZW / ZWE
What is "Pay Rewards"?
 When using various functions under the Pay feature in our Crypto.com App, you are entitled to receive cashback in CRO.  These CRO cashbacks are branded as Pay Rewards. 
How do I get Pay Rewards?
 By purchasing gift cards or mobile airtime via the Crypto.com App using CRO as the payment method  OR  By sending CRO to friends via the Crypto.com App using CRO as the payment currency  OR  By using Pay Checkout via the Crypto.com App using CRO as the payment currency
PAY
 Users with an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure of 3 months) OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange All other users Pay Your Friends cashback 10% (monthly maximum of $5 USD) Nil Mobile Airtime Cashback 5% 2.5% Gift Cards Cashback 2X 1X Pay Checkout Cashback 2X 1X
Where can I check my Pay Rewards?
 Under Referral & Cashback by tap the Pay icon, located in the upper right-hand corner of the homepage. 
How much Pay Rewards do I receive from purchasing gift cards?
 The amount of Pay Rewards you’ll receive depends on the Category of the Gift Card you purchased. You are also entitled to double the rewards of up to 10% back if you: Hold an active 3-month deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn OR Staked at least 10,000 CRO in the Crypto.com App OR Staked at least 10,000 CRO in the Crypto.com Exchange Please Note: The values above are in CRO, not USD. Details are as follows: Category Pay rewards Pay rewards for holders of: More than 10.000 CRO in 3-months Earn Term OR Staked 10.000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10.000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange Food & Beverage 5% of CRO spent 10% of CRO spent Taxi 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Grocery 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Fashion 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Games 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Entertainment 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Telecommunication 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Transportation 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent General Retail 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Hotels 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Airlines 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Gas & Diesel 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Education 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Financial Services 0% of CRO spent 0% of CRO spent Please note that Crypto.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine which category a gift card falls under.
How do I access Pay Your Friends?
How do I receive Pay Rewards from sending payments to my friends?
 When you send CRO to your friends, you are entitled to receive Pay Rewards, up to USD $5 equivalent every month.  Crypto.com App users will be rewarded with up to 10% cashback if he/she: hold an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure of 3 months) OR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com AppOR staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange  Details are as follows:
PAY
 Users with an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure if 3 months) OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange All other users Pay Your Friends cashback 10% (monthly maximum of $5 USD) Nil Mobile Airtime Cashback 5% 2,5% Gift Cards Cashback 2X 1X Pay Checkout Cashback 2X 1X
What is the minimum transfer amount and is there a fee?
 There is no minimum transfer amount. However, please note that Pay Rewards (measured in CRO) will only be granted if its fiat equivalent is greater than USD $0.01.  There is no fee, as the transfer happens off-chain. 
Is there a daily transfer limit?
 You can transfer up to 10,000 USD or equivalent every 24 hours. 
How do you come up with my contact list on the Crypto.com App?
 In order to use Pay Your Friends, you need to add the country codes manually to your friends' phone numbers. Transfers can even be done internationally! 
What happens when I send a payment to a contact who is not a Crypto.com App user?
 You will have a pending payment to your contact, and the payment is only completed when he or she successfully registers a Crypto.com account within seven days.  Crypto.com will send an SMS text message to your contact to notify him or her about this payment. If requirements are met, you may also receive a referral bonus. 
Do the pending payments expire?
 Yes, pending payments must be accepted within seven days. Expired payments will be given back to the sender. An SMS text message will be sent to the intended recipient whenever a payment has expired. 
Can I cancel pending payments?
 Yes, you can In the 'Pay' section tap on 'History' Tap on 'Pending' and select the payment Tap "Cancel Payment" Confirm the cancellation An SMS text message will be sent to the intended recipient whenever a payment has been canceled.
What is Mobile Airtime?
 Mobile Airtime allows you to top up a pre-paid phone number anywhere in the world using Crypto.com Pay. You can use CRO, BTC, ETH, and LTC for top-ups. 
How do I access Mobile Airtime?
Which countries and/or operators are supported?
 We support many mobile operators worldwide. Simply input your or your friend’s pre-paid number and we’ll let you know if it's supported for top-ups.  Important Note: Always check if your mobile operator is correct before confirming the purchase. You may have to manually select the correct operator from the top-right corner of the screen. 
Can I purchase mobile airtime for my friends and family?
 Yes, you can. Just type in their number and we’ll let you know if the number can be topped up. Additional information provided to you after the purchase is completed can be forwarded to them.  
I was told there may be a PIN required - where do I find this?
 Some operators require a PIN code to activate the airtime top-up. We will let you know if this is required.  The PIN code can be found in the transaction’s details by selecting “How to Redeem?”. We will also email you a copy of the purchase, the PIN, and instructions to redeem.  
Will this PIN expire?
 Some PINs will have a validity date indicated clearly in your purchase details. Please follow the instructions provided to redeem before the PIN expires. 
Are there any limits for Mobile Airtime purchases?
 The maximum daily limit is a total of USD 1,000 or equivalent. 
What happens when the currency is paid in non-USD?
 The purchase will use the exchange rate provided by the vendor, which may be significantly different from the market rate. Please review and only confirm if you agree to the provided rate. 
Does it work with post-paid numbers?
 Post-paid numbers are not supported. Please make sure you’re topping up a pre-paid phone number. 
What if I topped up the wrong phone number?
 If the purchase was successful, then the phone number will be topped up accordingly. We cannot refund an order when it has been successfully delivered. Please review the phone number and details during the purchase process to prevent this from happening. 
How do I get Pay Rewards?
 You can earn Pay Rewards by making your Mobile Airtime purchase with Crypto.com Pay and selecting CRO as the payment currency. You’re entitled to receive up to 5% back in Pay Rewards per purchase. You can earn 5% back in Pay Rewards if you: Hold an active 3-month deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn OR Staked at least 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com AppOR Staked at least 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange Please Note: The values above are in CRO, not USD. Details are as follows:
PAY
 Users with an active deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn (with tenure if 3 months) OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange All other users Pay Your Friends cashback 10% (monthly maximum of $5 USD per user) Nil Mobile Airtime Cashback 5% 2,5% Gift Cards Cashback 2X 1X Pay Checkout Cashback 2X 1X
How do I access gift cards in the Crypto.com App?
 Open the Crypto.com App and click on "Pay" Click on "Gift Cards"
Where are gift cards available?
 Selected gift cards can be used in the following countries: Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Czechia Denmark Denmark Egypt Finland France Germany Greece Hungary India Ireland Italy Japan  Mexico  New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland United States of America Malaysia Indonesia Vietnam  Note: The gift card may be valid in the specified location only. Please check with the merchant to determine whether it can be redeemed elsewhere.  Tap on the country flag in the upper right corner and select the desired location. 
Which brands are offered for the gift cards?
 We offer popular brands covering the following categories: Airlines Hotels Games Fashion Food & Beverage General Retail Entertainment Taxi Telecommunication Grocery Gas & Diesel Transportation Education Financial Services  The extensive list of brands can be viewed in the Crypto.com App, under Pay. More brands and locations will continue to be gradually added. 
Which crypto are accepted for gift card purchases?
 CRO AAVE BAL BTC COMP CRV DOGE ENJ ETH KNC LINK LRC LTC MKR REN SNX UNI WBTC YFI XRP ADA DOT ALGO KSM
How do I get Pay Rewards?
 By purchasing gift cards via the Crypto.com App, under Pay, using CRO as the payment method. 
How much Pay Rewards do I receive from purchasing gift cards?
 The amount of Pay Rewards granted depends on the category of the gift card you've purchased.  You are also entitled to double cashback of up to 10% if you: Hold an active 3-month deposit term of 10,000 CRO or more in Crypto Earn OR Staked at least 10,000 CRO in the Crypto.com App OR Staked at least 10,000 CRO in the Crypto.com Exchange Please Note: The values above are in CRO, not USD. Details are as follows: Category Pay rewards Pay rewards for holders of: More than 10.000 CRO in 3-months Earn Term OR Staked 10.000 CRO or more in Crypto.com App OR Staked 10.000 CRO or more in Crypto.com Exchange Food & Beverage 5% of CRO spent 10% of CRO spent Taxi 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Grocery 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Fashion 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Games 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Entertainment 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Telecommunication 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent Transportation 2.5% of CRO spent 5% of CRO spent General Retail 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Hotels 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Airlines 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Gas & Diesel 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Education 1.25% of CRO spent 2.5% of CRO spent Financial Services 0% of CRO spent 0% of CRO spent Please note that Crypto.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine which category a gift card falls under. 
Where can I find my purchased gift cards?
 All gift cards are in electronic form.  It will be delivered both in-app and to your registered email. 
Are there any limits for gift card purchases?
 The daily limit for non-cardholders or Midnight Blue cardholders is a total of USD 200 or equivalent. For Ruby Steel cardholders or higher card tiers, it’s up to a maximum of USD 1,000 or equivalent. 
Can I buy these gift cards for friends and family?
 The gift card redemption instructions are sent to you in-app and via email. We do not send these to your friends and family on your behalf, but you can share the email with them once you have received it. 
Will the gift cards expire?
 There is no expiration date for US gift cards. For non-US gift cards, we will clearly state the expiration date in the email we send to you. 
How do I track the balance on the gift cards?
 Please contact the merchant directly for the latest available balance. You can now pay for your petrol with cryptocurrency without converting it into fiat currency.  You can purchase everyday items, such as petrol, coffee, and sandwiches across 175 OTR fuel and convenience store sites across Victoria, South Australia, and Western Australia using the cryptocurrency in your Crypto.com Wallet – by simply using the Crypto.com App to scan a QR code on your phone.  Available OTR Sites: 
OTR Metro SA Sites
 OTR Site ADDRESS ABERFOYLE PARK 7 Park Ave, Aberfoyle Park SA 5159 ALBERTON 156 Port Road, Alberton, 5014 ALDINGA 3 Port Road, Aldinga, 5173 ANGLE PARK 610–612 South Rd, Angle Park, 5010 ANGLE VALE 131 Heaslip Road, Angle Vale, 5117 ATHELSTONE 310 Gorge Road, Athelstone, 5076 BELAIR 1 Main Road, Belair, 5052 BLACKWOOD 203 Main Road, Blackwood, 5051 BLAIR ATHOL 402-404 Main North Rd, Blair Athol, 5084 BRIGHTON 480-484 Brighton Rd, Brighton, 5048 BROADVIEW 150 Hampstead Rd, Broadview, 5083 BROMPTON 73-77 Torrens Rd, Brompton, 5007 CAVAN INBOUND 144 Port Wakefield Road, Cavan, 5094 CAVAN OUTBOUND DT 113-117 Port Wakefield Road, Cavan 5094 CHRISTIES BEACH ON BEACH RD 124 Beach Rd, Christies Beach, 5165 CHRISTIES BEACH DYSON RD 159 Dyson Road, Christies Beach, 5165 CHRISTIES BEACH GULFVIEW RD 35 Gulfview Rd, Christies Beach, 5165 CLARENCE PARK 340–346 Goodwood Road, Clarence Park, 5034 CLOVELLY PARK 1172-1174 South Road, Clovelly Park South Australia 5042 CROYDON PARK 207-209 Regency Park, Croydon Park, 5008 DARLINGTON 1487 Main South Rd, Darlington, 5047 DAVOREN PARK 41 Peachey Rd, Davoren Park, 5113 DERNANCOURT 819 Lower North East Road, Dernancourt, 5075 DRY CREEK 11 Vater Street, Dry Creek, 5094 ELIZABETH 17–21 Philip Highway, Elizabeth, 5112 ELIZABETH DT 11 Elizabeth Way, Elizabeth, 5112 ELIZABETH SOUTH Lot 2 John Rice Avenue, Elizabeth South, 5112 ERINDALE 372 Kensington Rd, Erindale, 5066 EVANDALE 87 – 91 Portrush Rd, Evandale, 5069 EVANSTON 496 Main North Road, Evanston, 5116 FLINDERS PARK 148 Grange Road, Flinders Park, 5025 FULHAM 510 Henley Beach Rd, Fulham, 5024 (Cnr Tapleys Hill Rd) FULHAM GARDENS DT 471-473 Tapleys Hill Rd, Fulham Gardens, 5024 FULLARTON 390 Fullarton Road, Fullarton, 5063 GEPPS CROSS 591 Grand Junction Road, Gepps Cross 5094 GLANDORE 134-136 Anzac Highway, Glandore, 5037 GLEN OSMOND 411 Glen Osmond Road, Glen Osmond, 5064 GLENELG EAST 66-70 Brighton Road, Glenelg, 5045 GLENGOWRIE 80-84 Oaklands Road, Glengowrie, 5044 GLENSIDE 282 Greenhill Road, Glenside, 5065 GLENUNGA 303 Glen Osmond Road, Glenunga, 5064 GOLDEN GROVE Lot 1031 Helicon Drive, Golden Grove, 5125 GOUGER STREET 76 Gouger Street, Adelaide, 5000 GREENACRES 325 North East Road, Hillcrest, 5086 HARBOURTOWN DT Cnr Tapleys Hill Road & West Beach Rd, West Beach, 5024 HAZELWOOD PARK 465 Glynburn Road, Hazelwood Park, 5066 HILLBANK Lot 92 Main North Road, Hillbank, 5112 HILLCREST 431 North East Rd, Hillcrest, 5086 HILTON 79-81 Sir Donald Bradman Drive, Hilton, 5033 HOLDEN HILL NORTH 742-746 North East Rd Holden Hill, 5088 HOLDEN HILL SOUTH CNR TARTON RD 656 North East Road, Holden Hill, 5088 KENSINGTON 294 The Parade, Kensington Park, 5068 KENSINGTON GARDENS 408 Magill Road, Kensington Gardens, 5068 KENT TOWN 1 Fullarton Road, Kent Town, 5067 KILBURN 427 Churchill Rd, Kilburn, 5084 KINGSWOOD 1 Belair Road, Kingswood, 5062 KURRALTA PARK 488–494 South Road, Kurralta Park, 5037 LARGS BAY MILITARY RD 354 Military Road, Largs Bay, 5016 LARGS BAY VICTORIA RD 208 Victoria Road, Birkenhead, 5015 LINDEN PARK 460 Greenhill Road, Linden Park, 5065 MARION 752 Marion Road, Marion, 5043 MARRYATVILLE Shop 1 287 Kensington Road, Kensington, 5068 MAWSON LAKES 7-9 Central Link, Mawson Lakes, 5095 MILE END DT 195 South Rd, Mile End, 5031 MITCHELL PARK 843-847 Marion Road, Mitchell Park, 5043 MODBURY 931 North East Road, Modbury, 5092 MORPHETT VALE INBOUND 131 Main South Road, Morphett Vale, 5162 MORPHETT VALE OUTBOUND 140 Main South Road, Morphett Vale, 5162 MUNNO PARA 43-45 Main North Road, Smithfield, 5114 MUNNO PARA WEST 248 Curtis Road, Munno Para West, 5115 NEWTON 72 Gorge Rd, Newton, 5074 NORTH TERRACE Ground Floor, 144 North Tce, Adelaide, 5000 NORWOOD 76 The Parade, Norwood, 5067 O'HALLORAN HILL 131 Main South Rd, O'Halloran Hill, 5158 OLD NOARLUNGA 617-641 Main South Road, Old Noarlunga 5168 OLD REYNELLA 133-135 Old South Road, Old Reynella, 5161 PARAFIELD Lot 12 Kings Road, Parafield, 5106 PARAFIELD GARDENS 273 Martins Road, Parafield Gardens, 5107 PARA HILLS 321 Bridge Road, Para Hills, 5096 PARA HILLS WEST DT 1351 Main North Rd, Para Hills West, 5096 PARALOWIE 926-936 Pt Wakefield Road, Paralowie, 5108 PASADENA 14 Fiveash Drive, Pasadena, 5042 PETERHEAD 107 Victoria Road, Peterhead, SA, 5016 PLYMPTON 279 Anzac Highway, Plympton, 5038 POORAKA 126 Bridge Rd, Pooraka, 5095 PROSPECT 68-72 Prospect Road, Prospect, 5082 PT WAKEFIELD ROAD 859-885 Port Wakefield Road, Bolivar, 5110 PULTENEY STREET 139 Angas Street, Adelaide, 5000 RIDLEYTON 231–237 South Rd, Ridleyton, 5008 ROSEWATER 125 Grand Junction Rd, Rosewater, 5013 RUNDLE STREET 179 Rundle Street, Adelaide SA 5000 SALISBURY COMMERCIAL RD 55 Commercial Rd, Salisbury, 5108 SALISBURY DOWNS 328 Salisbury Highway, Salisbury Downs, 5108 SALISBURY DT (Shop) 138 Salisbury Highway, Salisbury, 5108 SALISBURY NORTH 102 Waterloo Corner Road, Paralowie, 5108 SALISBURY PARABANKS 106-110 Salisbury Highway, Salisbury, 5108 SALISBURY PARK TERRACE 105 Park Terrace, Salisbury, 5108 SEAFORD 104/112 Commercial Road Seaford, 5169 SEATON 356 Tapleys Hill Rd, Seaton, 5023 SEAVIEW DOWNS 216 Seacombe Road Seaview Downs, 5049 SHEIDOW PARK 2 Commercial Rd Sheidow Park, 5158 SMITHFIELD 23-29 Main North Rd, Smithfield, 5114 SOUTH PLYMPTON DT (Shop) 501-503 Marion Rd, Plympton South, 5038 ST MARYS 1175 South Rd, St Marys, 5042 STEPNEY 90-92 Payneham Rd Stepney, 5069 SURREY DOWNS 665 Golden Grove Road Surrey Downs, 5126 THORNGATE 20A Main North Road, Thorngate, SA, 5082 TRANMERE 172-176 Glynburn Road, Tranmere, 5073 TRINITY GARDENS 257 Magill Road, Trinity Gardens, 5068 UNDERDALE 282 Henley Beach Road, Underdale, 5032 UNLEY 17 King William Rd, Hyde Park, 5061 WALKERVILLE 68 North East Road, Walkerville, 5081 WAYVILLE 51 Goodwood Rd, Wayville, 5034 WELLAND 522 Port Road, Welland, 5007 WEST BEACH 89 Military Road, West Beach, 5024 WEST CROYDON 561 Port Road, West Croydon, 5008 WEST TERRACE Cnr West Terrace & Currie Street, Adelaide, 5000 WOODVILLE PARK DAVID TCE 81 David Terrace, Woodville Park, 5011 WOODVILLE PARK DT 701 Port Rd, Woodville Park, 5011 WOODVILLE SOUTH 1 Woodville Road, Woodville South SA 5011 WOODVILLE WEST 938-942 Port Road, Woodville West, 5011
OTR Regional SA Sites
 OTR Site ADDRESS BALHANNAH 93 Onkaparinga Valley Rd, Balhannah, 5242 BERRI 1314 Old Sturt Hwy, Berri, 5343 BORDERTOWN 2 Dukes Highway, Bordertown, 5268 CEDUNA 35 Eyre Highway, Ceduna, 5690 CLARE 186 Main North Rd, Clare, 5453 KADINA 19 Frances Terrace, Kadina, 5554 KAPUNDA 1 Mildred St, Kapunda, 5373 KINGSCOTE 10 Telegraph Road, Kingscote, 5223 KINGSTON SE 1 Princess Hwy, Kingston SE, 5275 LITTLEHAMPTON 81 North Tce, Littlehampton, 5250 LOXTON FRENCH ROAD C/O Post Office, Loxton North, SA 5333 LOXTON ROUNDABOUT 50 Bookpurnong Tce, Loxton, 5333 MANNUM 50 Adelaide Road, Mannum, 5238 MOTORSPORT PARK 543 Dukes Highway, Tailem Bend, 5260 MOUNT BARKER ADELAIDE ROAD 24 Adelaide Road, Mount Barker, 5251 MOUNT BARKER KNOTT STREET 18 Knott Street, Mount Barker, 5251 MOUNT GAMBIER 29 Penola Rd, Mt Gambier, 5290 MOUNT GAMBIER EAST 1-3 Ramsay Ave, Mount Gambier 5290 MURRAY BRIDGE ADELAIDE RD 177-181 Adelaide Rd, Murray Bridge, 5253 MURRAY BRIDGE EASTSIDE 61 Old Princes Highway, Murray Bridge, 5253 MURRAY BRIDGE SWANPORT ROAD 159 Swanport Road, Murray Bridge SA 5253 MURRAYVIEW 10 Princes Highway, Tailem Bend, 5260 NARACOORTE 1 Deviation Road, Naracoorte, 5271 NURIOOTPA Cnr Tanunda & New Roads, Nuriootpa, 5355 PINNAROO 6-8 Mallee Highway, Pinnaroo, 5304 PORT AUGUSTA Cnr Princes Hwy & Northern Power Station Rd, Pt Augusta, 5700 PORT AUGUSTA WEST 2-4 Eyre Highway, Port Augusta West, 5700 PORT LINCOLN 22 Kings Street, Port Lincoln, 5606 PORT LINCOLN HALLET PLACE 20-26 Hallet Place, Port Lincoln, 5606 PORT PIRIE SOUTH 328 Senate Rd, Port Pirie, 5540 S24 PORT WAKEFIELD 22 Snowtown Road, Port Wakefield SA 5550 RENMARK 292 Renmark Avenue, Renmark, 5341 TANUNDA 212-216 Murray St, Tanunda, 5352 TWO WELLS Old Port Wakefield Rd, Two Wells, 5501 VICTOR HARBOR 310 Port Elliot Rd, Victor Harbor, 5211 WHYALLA MCRITCHIE 21-33 McRitchie Crescent, Whyalla, 5600 WHYALLA PLAYFORD 48-50 Playford Ave, Whyalla, 5600
Supermarket Site
 OTR Site ADDRESS DULWICH GROCER 7 Stuart Street, Dulwich, 5065
HappyWash Standalone Sites
 OTR Site ADDRESS MODBURY 923 North East Rd, Modbury, 5092 TORRENSVILLE 251 Henley Beach Rd, Torrensville, 5031
New South Wales Site
 OTR Site ADDRESS S24 LANE COVE 254 Burns Bay Road, Lane Cove NSW 2066
Tasmanian Site
 OTR Site ADDRESS S24 HOWRAH 11A Howrah Road Howrah, TAS 7018
Victorian Sites
 OTR Site ADDRESS ALPHINGTON 779-785 Heidelberg Road, Alphington VIC 3078 FRANKSTON 38 Frankston - Flinders Rd, Frankston VIC 3199 HAMILTON 86-90 Coleraine Road, Hamilton VIC 3300 HORSHAM DIMBOOLA RD Crn of Dimboola and Wawunna Roads, Horsham VIC 3400 HORSHAM WILSON STREET CornerWilson and Darlot Streets, Horsham VIC 3400 IRYMPLE 2090 Fifteenth Street, Irymple, VIC, 3498 MILDURA 463-469 Deakin Avenue, Mildura, Vic 3500 MOONEE PONDS 181-187 Pascoe Vale Rd, Moonee Ponds Vic 3039 PORTLAND 140B Percy Street, Portland, Victoria, 3305 S24 ST KILDA MARINA 54A Marine Parade St Kilda Marina VIC STAWELL 34 Ararat Road, Stawell VIC 3380 WEST WODONGA 5 Moorefield Park Dr, West Wodonga VIC 3690
Western Australia Sites
 OTR Site ADDRESS BULL CREEK Crn Parry & Wheately Drive, Bull Creek WA 6149 BRISBANE STREET 17 -19 Brisbane Street, Perth WA 6000 COMO 73 Manning Road, Manning WA 6152 CRYSTAL BROOK 78 Welshpool Road, Lesmurdie WA 6076 FORRESTFIELD 155 Hale Road, Forrestfield WA 6058 RECLIFFE 419 Great Eastern Hwy, Redcliffe WA 6104 ROLEYSTONE 770 Brookton Hwy, Roleystone WA 6111
Oporto Sites
 OTR Site ADDRESS Oporto Brompton 73 Torrens Road, Brompton, SA 5007 Oporto Glenside 282 Greenhill Road, Glenside, SA 5065 Oporto Hillbank 92 Main North Road, Hillbank, SA 5112 Oporto Mawson Lakes 14 – 20 Capital Street, Mawson Lakes, SA 5095 Oporto Munno Para West 248 Curtis Road, Munno Para West, SA 5115 Oporto Old Reynella 133 Old South Road, Reynella, SA 5161 Oporto Peterhead 107 Victoria Road, Peterhead, SA 5016 Oporto Port Wakefield Road 885 Port Wakefield Road, Bolivar, SA 5110 Oporto Pulteney Street 139 Angas Street, Adelaide, SA 5000
Wokinabox Sites
 OTR Site ADDRESS WIAB Motorsport Park 543 Dukes Highway, Elwomple, SA 5260 WIAB Port Augusta Corner Augusta Highway & Northern Power Station Road, Port August, SA 5700 WIAB Port Wakefield Road 885 Port Wakefield Road, Bolivar, SA 5110 WIAB Ridleyton 231 - 237 South Road, Ridleyton, SA 5008 WIAB Rosewater 125 Grand Junction Road, Rosewater, SA 5013 WIAB Smithfield 23 - 29 Main North Road, Smithfield, SA 5114 WIAB St Mary's 1175 South Road, St Mary's, SA 5042 WIAB Surrey Downs 665 Golden Grove Road Surrey Downs, SA 5126 In Crypto.com Pay, customers are able to make payments using the following cryptocurrencies: Pay with Crypto.com App * Pay with Ethereum wallets (MetaMask, WalletConnect or others) Pay with Cronos wallets (MetaMask, WalletConnect or others) Pay with Bitcoin Wallets Pay with Crypto.org Chain Wallets BTC CRO CRO BTC CRO CRO ETH ETH   ETH USDC USDC   USDC TUSD USDT   TUSD USDT    USDT     DOGE and the following through Crypto.com DeFi Swap #:    SHIB WETH    APE WBTC    AAVE AAVE    BAL BAL    COMP COMP    CRV CRV    ENJ DPI    KNC ENJ    LINK FARM    LRC HBTC    LTC KNC    MKR LINK    REN LRC    SNX MKR    UNI MTA    WBTC NEST    XRP REN    YFI renBTC    ADA SNX    DOT SWRV    ALGO TRU    KSM UMA     UNI     YFI    * For subscription payments, only Pay with Crypto.com App is supported.  Crypto.com Pay supports various payment scenarios, provides you with an instant payment experience, and allows customers to enjoy up to a 10% rebate via our Pay Rewards Program.  To learn more about our simple payment experience with your favorite Crypto.com Pay merchants: 
Paying with Crypto.com App:
 How do I pay at online stores using Crypto.com App and Crypto.com Pay? How do I pay at online stores using Crypto.com App and Crypto.com Pay using a mobile phone? How do I pay in physical stores using Crypto.com Pay?
Paying with other Cryptocurrency Wallets
 How do I pay a Crypto.com Pay Merchant with MetaMask or WalletConnect? How do I pay a Crypto.com Pay Merchant with other crypto wallets? Crypto.com Pay does not charge you any transaction fee. However, if you are using wallets other than Crypto.com App wallet , then you would be required to pay the required Ethereum Gas to facilitate the transaction. It is up to you to decide how much gas to pay for the transaction. In general, the more you pay, the faster the transaction happens and thus the faster the Crypto.com Pay payment is processed. Pay Rewards is the cashback of the amount of CRO you have paid for the payment (not including the gas fee). The cashback percentage varies from merchant to merchant. We recommend using the Crypto.com App because the payment method is instant and you don’t have to pay gas fees however either works and it's up to your preference. After each successful payment, Pay Rewards (payable in CRO) will be credited to the Crypto.com App account under the email address you provided.  If there is not a Crypto.com App account under this email address, the Pay Rewards can still be claimed if you sign up using this email address within 90 days.  You could shop at our featured merchants and enjoy up to a 10% cash back reward via our Pay Rewards Program. You could immediately enjoy these offers upon making a successful purchase with Crypto.com Pay! Ledger - Protects your crypto assets with the highest security standards. Up to 10% Time Magazine - Enjoy unlimited access to Time.com content for 18 months, and subscriber-only events and offerings. Up to 10% Tokenframe - Bring your NFT art to life Up to 6% SecuX - Crypto and NFT hardware wallets Up to 6% OTR - Petrol stations and convenience stores Up to 4% Cointracking - Digital Currency Portfolio Management and Crypto Tax Reporting Up to 4% Travala.com - Flights and Accommodation Up to 4% Alternative Airline - Find flights you can’t find anywhere else Up to 4% CoolWallet - Credit-card sized hardware wallets designed for ultimate portability, own your crypto in style Up to 4% Coinzilla - Finance and Crypto Advertising Up to 4% Premiumize - All-in-one cloud storage services Up to 4% VirtualProLeague - Premium pass for the access to pro tournaments, prizes and more Up to 4% Angel City FC - Merchandise shop of the Angel City Football Club Up to 2% BC Vault - Hardware crypto vaults Up to 2% Unstoppable Domains - Easy-to-remember crypto address and create an uncensorable website Up to 2% ELLIPAL - Leader of air-gapped cold wallet Up to 6% Mister - Affordable fashion jewelry and fine metals Up to 2% LORETA - Ultimate luxurious quality pieces Up to 2% Blowhammer - Italian clothing brand with passion of making art, being brave and rebel Up to 2% Kamino Wallet - Slim paper wallets that lighten your load Up to 2% Helium Deploy - Popular Helium hotspots Up to 2% Dynasty Clothing - Authentic martial arts lifestyle and street fashion brand Up to 2% Klarity London - Meaningful and beautiful fine jewellery made from durable material Up to 2% Haller Experiences - Unforgettable yacht experience Up to 2% BTC Wine - Luxury fine wine Up to 2% ShiftCrypto - BitBox02 hardware wallet Up to 2% Rwifi - Multimedia products such as computer networks, modems, and routers Up to 2% Bittshirts - Crypto Apparels Up to 2% Melbourne Watch Company - Luxury watches Up to 2% Watch & Bullion - Luxury watches Up to 2% Ayana Products - Essential healing crystals and jewellery Up to 2% Just Wear Crypto - Crypto Apparels Up to 2% Special Mr Martini - Clothes & accessories Up to 2% BTEGA - Cosmetic products Up to 2% LabyMod - Minecraft collectibles Up to 2% Ezystayz - Travel & Accommodation Bookings Up to 2% Karalyte - Branding & Strategy Tools Up to 2% AudioMixingMastering - Audio mixing & mastering services Up to 2% SuperhostingColombia - web hosting service Up to 2% Wadosam - Pet products Up to 2% Colorado Pool Tables - Billiards Pool Tables Up to 2% Travel By Train - Train Simulators and Add-ons Up to 2% Upon a successful payment, you will receive a receipt from Crypto.com Pay sent to your mailbox. Also, in the event of a refund, we will send an email to you to confirm the refund address.  In addition, within 90 days of your successful payment, you are entitled to receive cashback in CRO (as known as Pay Rewards) via Crypto.com App. The account in Crypto.com App under this email address will be credited with the Pay Rewards. The cashback percentage varies from merchant to merchant.
Refund from Merchants
 If you need a refund after making a payment, please contact the merchant as they have the sole discretion in issuing refunds. A refund can be made in part or in full.  Similar to payments, refunds are made in cryptocurrencies as well. As there could be price changes in the cryptocurrency paid, Crypto.com Pay guarantees the refund cryptocurrency amount to be the same value as the original pricing value (minus blockchain network fees, if applicable) Payment Priced in Paid in Refund in USD 100.00 USD 100.00 worth of customer selected cryptocurrency, at the time of payment USD 100.00 worth of customer selected cryptocurrency, at the time of refund ETH 0.100000 ETH 0.100000 worth of customer selected cryptocurrency, at the time of payment ETH 0.100000 worth of customer selected cryptocurrency, at the time of refund
Preferred Refund Currency
 On Crypto.com App’s settings page, there is a “Preferred Refund Currency” setting for you to select your preferred cryptocurrency to receive. When a refund is issued on a payment paid using Crypto.com App, the funds will be credited automatically to the selected cryptocurrency’s balance in the App account.   For these types of payments (i.e using MetaMask), you can choose to claim either using Crypto.com App or other wallets. If you choose to use the Crypto.com App, there will be a QR code displayed. You will need to scan the QR code using the App to claim the refund. The funds will be credited according to the “Preferred Refund Currency” setting.  If you choose to receive a refund on-chain, you will then need to select the following: Select cryptocurrency Select chain Input your wallet address (and memo, if receiving funds using an exchange account that supports Crypto.org Chain) in order to claim the refund. *Please note that a blockchain network fee is applicable to on-chain refund transactions. When the refund amount is smaller than the network fee of a certain token or chain, that option will become unavailable.  We cannot send the refund amount directly back to the payment wallet address because, in some cases, if our customers are using a custodial wallet other than the Crypto.com App, the address often does not represent the customer’s specific address. Therefore, we ask for a refund address. After selecting the “Cryptocurrency Wallet” refund option 
Crypto.com Pay Supported Refund Currencies and Blockchains:
 Cryptocurrencies Blockchains Note CRO Crypto.org Chain, Cronos, Ethereum (ERC-20) Default option of “Preferred Refund Currency” for Crypto.com App users in Singapore BTC Bitcoin Blockchain  ETH Ethereum  USDC Cronos, Ethereum (ERC-20) Default option of “Preferred Refund Currency” for Crypto.com App users outside Singapore. Not available in App for Singapore users. TUSD Cronos, Ethereum (ERC-20) Not available in App for Singapore users.
Unresolved Payments
 Crypto.com Pay for Business only proceeds with a payment if the customer sent the exact amount within a predefined timeframe. Otherwise, these payments will be considered unresolved, and we would refund the original amount to you (minus blockchain network fees, if applicable).  The unresolved payment types are: Underpaid - when the customer sent less amount of crypto than requested Late - when the customer sent the crypto after the session time (20 mins for BTC, 10 mins for other cryptocurrencies) Multiple - when a new transaction has arrived after the payment had already been processed Wrong Currency - when the customer sent a coin other than our What Are the Supported Payment Currencies? (Refund is not guaranteed, it will be reviewed on a case by case basis)
Why should I use Crypto.com Price?
 Welcome to Crypto.com Price! Crypto.com Price is here to provide everyone with the information and tools to make informed decisions about their crypto assets. We’re excited to have you on board.  We aim to provide a relevant and trusted one-stop shop for crypto-related data, assisting traders and investors in their decision-making for the market. Watch this space for updates, as we’ll be launching many exciting features for the platform!  Meanwhile, if you’re looking to trade, spend, and grow your crypto, the Crypto.com App is the best place to start. 
How do I register an account on Crypto.com Price?
 Follow these simple steps to get started with Crypto.com Price: Go to Crypto.com/price and click the ‘Sign Up’ button (upper right-hand corner). Select your preferred account sign-up method: Using your email address: Enter your email address and enter your password. Accept our Legal Disclaimer and Privacy Notice. Click the ‘Sign Up’ button. A confirmation email will be sent to your inbox. Click the ‘Verify Email’ button; you’ll be redirected back to Crypto.com Price. You’re done! You will see the Success modal and click Continue to use Crypto.com Price. Sign up using your Crypto.com App account: Select Continue as Crypto.com App User. Accept our Legal Disclaimer and Privacy Notice. You’ll be asked to enter your email address. Enter the email address registered with your Crypto.com App. Click on the Submit button. A confirmation email will be sent to your email provided. Check your inbox to confirm your registration. In your email, click the Connect to Crypto.com Price button, and a link in the email will redirect you to authorize Crypto.com Price to access the required information. Once you've reviewed the information, click Authorize. You’re done! You will see the Success modal and click Continue to use Crypto.com Price.
Is a Crypto.com Price account required to use the Crypto.com App or vice versa?
 No, the two platforms are independent of one another. You don’t need to register an account on either in order to access the other. 
Watchlist
What is the Watchlist feature?
 Watchlist allows you to keep track of your favorite tokens in one place and monitor important information in near real-time, such as the latest price, change over the past 24 hours, volume, market cap, and more! 
How do I use Watchlist?
 You need to be signed in to Crypto.com Price to use the Watchlist feature. If you do not have an account yet, click here for step-by-step instructions on how to create one.  Once you are signed in, you can start building your Watchlist: From the Token List page Click the ‘star’ next to the token name to add it to your Watchlist Click the ‘star’ again to remove the token from your Watchlist From Token Detail pages Click the ‘star’ next to the ‘Add to Watchlist’ (top right of the price chart) Click the ‘star’ again to remove the token from your Watchlist From Watchlist page Click the ‘Add Coins’ to add coins to your Watchlist
Table of Contents:
 What is Crypto.com Tax? How do I sign up to be a Crypto.com Tax user? Which documents are required? What are the steps to prepare my tax reports? How to ensure my tax reports are accurate? How do I set up my "Tax Settings" page? How do I read my "Overview" page? Which currencies are supported? Which exchanges/wallets are supported? Which countries are supported? 
General Information
What is Crypto.com Tax?
 Crypto.com has launched Crypto.com Tax to assist crypto investors with their crypto taxes. You may refer to this section on the jurisdictions currently supported by Crypto.com Tax.  Full integration with popular exchanges & wallets and an easy-to-use interface that gets the job done in no time. The first crypto tax online tool in the market that is entirely free for anyone who needs to prepare their crypto taxes. No matter how many transactions you have in the past years, we’ll handle the calculation for you at no cost. An extremely simple and intuitive interface aiming to create the best user experience when dealing with tax matters. All results are transparent for review prior to getting your final results generated.
How do I sign up to be a Crypto.com Tax user?
 You can sign up using your email address or Google account on the landing page below. You don’t need to be a Crypto.com user - in fact, we are bringing this service to every retail user to make your life easier! 
Which documents are required?
 You need to have the details of your cryptocurrency transactions across all your exchange/wallet accounts since the time you acquired your first coin. In order for us to generate the correct results, the entire transaction history must be in place to reflect the correct cost basis. You can refer to this article on how to import your transaction data into our tax tool. 
What are the steps to prepare my tax reports?
 Step 1: Register your account in Crypto.com Tax  Step 2: Select the tax settings you’d like to generate your tax reports. You may refer to this section on how to set up your tax settings page.  Step 3: Go to the Wallets & Exchanges page and import your transactions by the following methods: API synchronization with the supported wallets/exchanges Import the CSV file exported from our supported wallets/exchanges Blockchain synchronization by inputting a public address/key Import our Generic CSV Template Go to the Transactions page and manually add your transactions  Step 4: Review your tax calculation on the Transactions page, and make amendments if necessary. You can also click on each transaction to view the calculation in detail. You may refer to this article on how to edit a transaction.  Step 5: Generate tax reports below on the Tax Reports page: Capital gains/losses CSV file, including the number of Proceeds, Cost basis, Selling expense, and Capital gain/loss Transaction history CSV file to keep books and records Income report to keep track of cryptocurrency you received Gifts, donations & payments report keeping records of all cryptocurrency you sent Expenses report keeping track of particular fee charges (e.g. gas fee from failed transactions) Step 6: You may use the information in the downloaded tax reports to prepare your official tax forms 
How do I ensure my tax reports are accurate?
 To get an accurate tax report, it is important to add all your wallets and transactions. A complete transaction history, it allows Crypto.com Tax to record the correct cost basis of your crypto and ensure the transfer transactions can be matched.  You may start with the “Send” and “Receive” transactions that you believe should be matched as “Transfer”. For more details on transfer transactions, you may refer to this article. You can also check on those transactions with unreasonably high gains and see if the market price/cost basis is correctly recorded. You may refer to this article for more details on capital gains.  After importing your transactions, you may find some error messages on the Transactions page. You may review those error messages and refer to this article on how to solve them.
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I set up my "Tax Settings" page?

 You will need to choose the country where you are filing your taxes in. It allows Crypto.com Tax to generate tax reports applicable to the tax rules of your jurisdiction. Please note that the "Set Net Worth" amount of all imported transactions would be cleared after you switch to another jurisdiction.  We have restricted your choice here to be the currency of your tax jurisdiction. This base currency will be used throughout your tax calculation and tax reports. For transactions that are not in your base currency, we will automatically convert them into your base currency. You may refer to this article on the foreign exchange rate we used.  The cost basis method varies based on your tax jurisdiction. We have therefore restricted your choice here. For countries allowing more options on cost basis method (e.g. New Zealand), you may consult your tax advisor on your choice. Please note that the cost basis method you chose here would be used throughout your tax calculation. 
How do I read my "Overview" page?
 This section will show your total proceeds, cost, and capital gains/losses for all taxable events. Proceeds: sum of all proceeds, valued at the time of disposal Cost: cost basis of all crypto being disposed Transaction fee: transaction fees on all taxable events with capital gains/losses Net proceeds: sum of proceeds net with transaction fee (Capital) Gains/Losses: sum of all capital gains/losses calculated on taxable events This section will show your total income received for both taxable and non-taxable events. Taxable: an overview of all taxable "Income" transactions Non-taxable: an overview of all non-taxable "Income" transactions Uncategorized: all "Income" transactions with unknown nature Reversal: reversal of income with rebates reverted   This section will show an overview of the most recent 5 transactions. You can see all your imported transactions by clicking “See All” at the bottom. 
Which currencies are supported?
 Crypto.com Tax currently supports more than 10,000 cryptocurrencies listed on CoinGecko. Our team is watching the market closely with new cryptocurrency support being added periodically. 
Which exchanges/wallets are supported?
 We offer native support for the most popular exchanges/wallets in the supporting jurisdictions including the following:  Blockchains: Avalanche Binance Smart Chain (BSC) Bitcoin Cronos Ethereum Fantom Polygon Wallets: Crypto.com App Blockchain.com Wallet Coinomi Exodus Exchanges: Crypto.com Exchange Bibox BigONE Binance Binance US Bitbuy Bitfinex BitForex BitMart Bitrue Bitstamp Bittrex BKEX Blockchain.com Exchange BTSE Changelly Pro Coinbase Coinbase Pro CoinJar CoinJar Exchange CoinSpot DigiFinex FMFW.io FTX Gate.io Gemini HitBTC Huobi Global Kraken KuCoin LBank MEXC Global OKX Phemex P2PB2B Shakepay WhiteBIT XT.com ZB.com We’re working on expanding our service to other jurisdictions and adding more support for wallets/exchanges throughout the world. If we currently don’t support your account, you can still import data through our Generic CSV Template. 
Which countries are supported?
 Crypto.com Tax currently supports the following jurisdictions: Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, the United Kingdom, and the United States. We are working on adding more functionality to expand our service to more jurisdictions. We welcome your feedback and ideas to make our products better.  Disclaimer: You acknowledge and agree that information provided by Crypto.com to you in your use of the Crypto.com Tax Services is for your reference only and should not be considered a substitute for legal advice, tax advice, audit advice, accounting advice, or brokerage advice under the guidance of a licensed professional. Further, the information provided herein should not be taken as financial planning or investment solicitation. You acknowledge and agree that no fiduciary relationship has been created between you and Crypto.com. You hereby understand and acknowledge that by using Crypto.com Tax Services, you are not being represented by a legal advisor, certified financial planner, tax professional, broker, other regulated advisors, or similar capacity.  There may be instances where you will be able to manually input information about your transactions. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any and all information entered and Crypto.com is not responsible for any information inputted incorrectly. Crypto.com makes no warranties as to the reliability or accuracy, completeness, or quality of any information you obtain through the Services.  This FAQ page is intended to be read in conjunction with the Crypto.com Tax Terms of Services.
Table of Contents:
 How do I import data from exchanges/wallets? What is a Generic CSV Template and how do I use it? How do I solve the error messages on the CSV import summary? How do I add/edit my API Key and Secret to an existing exchange? How do I add/edit my public address/key to an existing blockchain? Where can I enable and disable the synchronization? Can I import liquidity/NFT transactions via Generic CSV Template? What if the exchanges/wallets I’m using are not supported? What if some data are imported incorrectly? Why do I fail to sync my wallets with API keys? How do I Terminate an API sync in progress? Why are my wallet balances on Crypto.com Tax different from the balance on my wallet? How do I import new transactions to an existing wallet/exchange? Why do I fail to import my Supercharger transactions (for Crypto.com Exchange/App users)? 
General Information
How do I import data from exchanges/wallets?
 Please refer to here for the list of exchanges/wallets currently supported by Crypto.com Tax. If you are a Crypto.com App user, you could export your Crypto.com Wallet App transaction log into a CSV file, please refer to here for more details. You could then simply upload the CSV file to Crypto.com Tax and transactions would be imported into our tax tool. For other supported exchanges/wallets, you’ll be able to import data through its API support or the native CSV file of the transaction history. We’ll give step-by-step instructions for each exchange/wallet on our landing page.  Crypto.com Tax is currently supporting synchronization from multiple blockchains. You can simply input a public address/key of the blockchain and Crypto.com Tax will pull out the data for you.  If you’re not using any of the aforementioned services, you’re still welcome to import data by using our Generic CSV Template. You can find the tutorial in the following. 
What is a Generic CSV Template and how do I use it?
 Generic CSV Template is our generic CSV format that is compatible with any wallets/exchanges. If you are using one of the wallets/exchanges that are not supported by us, you’re welcome to convert your transaction data into our Crypto.com CSV format and upload the transactions later to your account. Please follow the instructions below to construct your Generic CSV Template. You can download a sample CSV here.  The first row (i.e. header) must exactly match the template The required date format is MM/DD/YYYY HH:MM:SS (e.g. 06/20/2020 20:57:35) No negative numbers are allowed Currency symbols must be from the list of CoinGecko
1. Buying/selling/trading cryptocurrency
 Type should be either: Buy - pay fiat currencies for crypto; or Sell - sell crypto for fiat currency; or Trade - exchange one crypto for another Required fields: Received Currency Received Amount Sent Currency Sent Amount Optional fields (leave the fields blank if none): Fee currency, Fee Amount (if there is any associated transaction fee) Received Net worth, Sent Net Worth, Fee Net Worth (to represent corresponding value in base currency) Examples: Example 1 (Buy): You bought 5 BTC for 5000 CAD, and the associated fee is 0.01 BTC. Example 2 (Sell): You sold 3 ETH for 3000 CAD, and the associated fee is 0.01 ETH. Example 3 (Buy and not in base currency): Your base currency is CAD and you bought 5 BTC for HKD 300,000 with an associated fee of 0.01 BTC. You would like to adjust the value (i.e. set net worth) based on your base currency (CAD). Example 4 (Trade): You trade 5 BTC for 10 ETH, and the associated fee is CAD 5. Please find the example in the screenshot below. If the field is blank, please do not input the value.
2. Sending cryptocurrency to others
 Type should be either: Payment - send crypto for goods or services; Gift - send crypto as a gift; or Donation - send crypto to the charities Required fields: Sent Currency Sent Amount Restricted fields: Received Currency and Received Amount must be empty Optional fields (leave the fields blank if none): Fee currency, Fee Amount (if there is any associated transaction fee) Sent Net Worth, Fee Net Worth (to represent corresponding value in base currency) Example: You sent 10 ETH as a gift, and the associated fee is 0.01 ETH. Please find the example in the screenshot below. If the field is blank, please do not input value. 
3. Receiving cryptocurrency from others
 Type should be either: Gift - receive crypto from others as a gift; Fork - receive crypto after blockchain split; Airdrop - receive crypto due to airdrop; Mining - receive crypto from mining; Payment - get crypto as salary; Reward - receive crypto as rewards (e.g. staking/earn rewards, referral bonus, etc.); or Rebate - receive crypto due to staking/card rebate Required fields: Received Currency Received Amount Restricted fields: Sent Currency and Sent Amount must be empty Optional fields (leave the fields blank if none): Received Net worth (to represent corresponding value in base currency) Example: You received a mining income of 5 ETH, and no fees should be incurred. Please find the example in the screenshot below. If the field is blank, please do not input the value.
4. Transferring cryptocurrency between your own accounts
 Type should be: Transfer Required fields: Received Currency (i.e. should match Sent Currency) Received Amount (i.e. should match Sent Amount) Sent Currency Sent Amount Optional fields (leave the fields blank if none): Fee currency, Fee Amount (if there is any associated transaction fee) Fee Net Worth (to represent corresponding value in base currency) Example: You transferred 5 BTC from one wallet to another, and the associated fee is 0.01 BTC. Please find the example in the screenshot below. If the field is blank, please do not input the value.
5. Swapping/converting a cryptocurrency to another
 Type should be: Swap Required fields: Received Currency Received Amount Sent Currency Sent Amount Optional fields (leave the fields blank if none): Fee currency, Fee Amount (if there is any associated transaction fee) Received Net Worth, Fee Net Worth (to represent corresponding value in base currency) Example: You swapped 5 MCO for 20 CRO due to token migration. Please find the example in the screenshot below. If the field is blank, please do not input the value.
6. Cost/fee not linked to a completed transaction (e.g. gas fee)
 Type should be: Cost Required fields: Sent Currency Sent Amount Restricted fields: Received Currency and Received Amount must be empty Fee currency and Fee Amount must be empty Optional fields (leave the fields blank if none): Sent Net Worth (to represent corresponding value in base currency) Example: You paid a gas fee of 0.1 ETH  in a failed blockchain transaction. Please find the example in the screenshot below. If the field is blank, please do not input the value. If you import the same wallet/exchange with transactions that are already in your account, it will result in duplicate transactions. If there is an error in the CSV, an "invalid CSV file" warning message will pop up and no transactions will be imported. You can refer to here on how to fix it. If you input numbers in Received Net Worth, Sent Net Worth, and Fee Net Worth, it will override the corresponding value(s) of the transaction in the base currency generated by our tax tool. You may refer to this article on the foreign exchange rate we used.
How do I solve the error messages on the CSV import summary?
 There are many types of transactions in different exchanges/platforms, and Crypto.com Tax may not be able to identify all of them. So each time you import a CSV file, we summarize the transactions that we failed to import into 3 categories: Erroneous transactions, Unsupported transactions, and Skipped transactions.  Crypto.com Tax supports these transactions, but it failed to import due to some missing/incorrect fields. Please read our error messages and make adjustments accordingly. You can fix these transactions on your CSV and reupload them once completed. Crypto.com Tax doesn’t support these transactions. They are likely transactions that are 1) specific to your exchanges/wallets, and 2) from special events which are not typically categorized. For these transactions, we rely on your sole discretion to determine their nature and recategorize them with the transaction types that are supported by Crypto.com Tax. You can fix these transactions on your CSV and reupload them once completed.  These are transactions like depositing/withdrawing fiat currency or staking tokens to earn yield/interest. They should not be imported to Crypto.com Tax as these events have no tax implications at all. However, there could be chances we’re making a mistake, and again your thorough review is highly recommended to make sure we’re not missing anything critical. If you realize we’ve made a mistake, please add the transaction manually and report the error to us immediately. Each account can only import 40,000 transactions per year. You will see an error message if you exceed the limit. To import more transactions, please delete obsolete transactions.  When you import your CSV files, you may come up with the "invalid CSV file" warning message. To fix this issue, you should first check if the file is in CSV format. Please keep in mind that Crypto.com Tax only supports importing CSV files. After editing the file, the file should be saved in CSV format.  If you still fail to import the CSV files, their format is probably not recognized by Crypto.com Tax. You may use our Generic CSV Template and follow the instructions in this article. If the invalid CSV files are exported from our supported exchange/wallet, please contact us at [email protected] and we will further investigate the issue. What should I do with delisted crypto/missing token? These are the transactions with tokens not listed on CoinGecko, which are not recognized by Crypto.com Tax when importing your CSV file. To ensure a complete transaction history, you can now add custom tokens for these transactions by clicking + Custom Token on the CSV import summary. It will then refer you to the Settings page for a custom token. You may refer to this article on how to add a custom token.   
How do I add/edit my API Key and Secret to an existing exchange?
 For the exchanges that support API sync, you have the option to add or edit the API to an existing account that has been created on Crypto.com Tax.  Please follow the steps below:  Step 1: Go to the Wallets & Exchanges page Step 2: Select the exchange account you’d like to add/edit your API info Step 3: Click Action and choose Manage API  Step 4: Input the API key and API Secret, then click Save Step 5: Now your Sync button should be white, which means you’ve enabled the function of API sync. Click the Sync button to import your transactions. 
How do I add/edit my public address/key to an existing blockchain?
 This is similar to adding/editing the API key and secret. For blockchains that support synchronization, you have the option to add or edit the public address/key to an existing account that has been created on Crypto.com Tax.  Please follow the steps below:  Step 1: Go to the Wallets & Exchanges page Step 2: Select the blockchain account you’d like to add/edit your info Step 3: Click Action and choose Manage Public Address/Key    Step 4: Input the Public Address or Key, then click Save   Step 5: Now your Sync button should be white, which means you’ve enabled the function of synchronization. Click the Sync button to import your transactions.  
Where can I enable and disable the synchronization?
 This function is only available when the current account supports sync with API/blockchain, and you have already imported the API or the public address/key of the blockchain.  Step 1: Go to the Wallets & Exchanges page Step 2: Select the exchange/blockchain account you’d like to disable/enable the sync Step 3: Click Action and choose Enable/Disable Sync    Step 4: If you choose Enable Sync, make sure you click Sync to kick off your sync process.  Note: If you disable the synchronization, it only stops the sync process going forward. The imported transactions will still remain in Crypto.com Tax. 
Frequently Asked Questions
 Liquidity transactions, which take place within DeFi protocols, and NFT transactions (ERC 721 and ERC 1155) are currently supported by synchronization of blockchain only. You can simply import your liquidity/NFT transactions by inputting a public address/key of the ETH blockchain.  Technically, Crypto.com supports any exchange as long as you import data through our Generic CSV Template. It supports all transaction types that are required for your tax calculation. If you’re not using any supported exchanges/wallets, you’re still welcome to import your transactions using the Generic CSV Template. The tutorial can be found in this article.  Due to the nature and complexity of crypto transactions, there might be errors after importing your data. We therefore highly recommend that you look through all transactions to make sure they match your record. If you find a mismatch, you can click the 3 dots menu on the right-hand side of each transaction, and click Edit to update the transaction detail.  Note that your wallets/exchanges may not be able to distinguish a Transfer transaction (i.e. moving crypto within your own accounts) from Send/Receive transactions (i.e. moving crypto to/from others’ accounts). Since the tax treatment is very different between the two, we strongly recommend that you review your Send/Receive transactions before submitting the result to your tax authority. You may refer to this article on how to fix a Transfer transaction.  If you found that all data is input correctly but the error still persists, please contact us via the chat button at the bottom right corner, or report the bug at [email protected], and we’ll make sure to investigate the issue as soon as possible.  If you failed to sync your wallets with the API keys, you are probably inputting the wrong API keys or the API credentials are expired. You may also check if there is any IP restriction on the API. You'll have to allow all IP addresses on Crypto.com Tax to sync with the API keys. Once you know the API issue, you may refer to this article to update/edit your API keys and resync your wallets.  While API sync of your wallet/exchange is in progress, simply press “Terminate Sync” on your Wallets & Exchanges page to terminate the in-progress sync. You may do this if the API sync takes more time than usual.  
Why are my wallet balances on Crypto.com Tax different from the balance on my wallet?
 Your wallet balances are shown on the Wallets & Exchanges page of Crypto.com Tax. You may find it different from what you have in your wallets. This may be due to the following reasons: If there is a significant difference between the balances, some transactions are probably not imported in Crypto.com Tax. It is common to have a missing purchase history/token in the account. We, therefore, suggest you spot the warning messages on the Transactions page and you can filter the missing transactions using the Warnings filter. Please refer to this article on how to fix these missing transactions.  You may also find some transactions not being shown on the Transactions page. These transactions are probably not supported by Crypto.com Tax or they have no tax implications (e.g. purely fiat transactions). In particular, Crypto.com Tax may not support transactions that are specific to your exchanges/wallets and not typically categorized in our tax tool. You may refer to this article on how to fix these unsupported transactions. If you see minimal differences like 0.01, this is due to the rounding precision and you may ignore the differences. The figures shown on Crypto.com Tax are all rounded to 2 decimal places. 
How do I import new transactions to an existing wallet/exchange?
 If you want to import new transactions to an existing wallet/exchange via the native CSV file or the Generic CSV Template, please follow the steps below:  Step 1: Go to the Wallets & Exchanges page Step 2: Select the wallet or exchange you’d like to add/edit your info Step 3: Click Action and choose Import from File  Step 4: Choose either the native CSV or Generic CSV template Step 5: Upload the file and Click Upload   Kindly note that you should not add the same wallet/exchange with transactions that have already been imported in your account. Otherwise, it may result in duplicate transactions. 
Why do I fail to import my Supercharger transactions (for Crypto.com Exchange/App users)?
 If you are a Crypto.com Exchange or Crypto.com App user, you may have some Supercharger transactions in your wallet. Since these Supercharger transactions may not have any direct tax impact, Crypto.com Tax currently skips this kind of transaction. Therefore, you will not be able to import your transactions of staking rewards from Supercharger into our tax tool. You may refer to this article for more information on Supercharger transactions.  Disclaimer: You acknowledge and agree that information provided by Crypto.com to you in your use of the Crypto.com Tax Services is for your reference only and should not be considered a substitute for legal advice, tax advice, audit advice, accounting advice, or brokerage advice under the guidance of a licensed professional. Further, the information provided herein should not be taken as financial planning or investment solicitation. You acknowledge and agree that no fiduciary relationship has been created between you and Crypto.com. You hereby understand and acknowledge that by using Crypto.com Tax Services, you are not being represented by a legal advisor, certified financial planner, tax professional, broker, other regulated advisor, or similar capacity.  There may be instances where you will be able to manually input information about your transactions. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any and all information entered and Crypto.com is not responsible for any information inputted incorrectly. Crypto.com makes no warranties as to the reliability or accuracy, completeness, or quality of any information you obtain through the Services.  This FAQ page is intended to be read in conjunction with the Crypto.com Tax Terms of Services.
Table of Contents:
 What transactions are supported? How do I edit an existing transaction? How do I manually add a new transaction? How do I merge 2 transactions into 1 “Transfer” transaction? How do I change liquidity transactions as taxable? How is the market price determined for cryptocurrencies? How do I add a custom token? What is the foreign exchange rate used for transactions if transactions are not in my base currency? What if I cannot find the tokens of my transactions when adding/editing transactions? What if I don’t find the currency price/foreign exchange rate correct? How do I exclude the tax calculation for specific transactions? How do I perform an action on multiple transactions? What should I do if I see the transactions of “Send - Reversal”? Why is there a gain/loss on Cost transactions? Why are internal transfers between my own wallets showing a gain/loss? Why are there duplicate transactions for transfers from Crypto.com Exchange to Crypto.com App? How are transaction fees being handled? Can I edit my liquidity transactions? Which decentralized exchanges are supported for liquidity transactions? Can I manually add a NFT transaction? Can I edit my NFT transactions? What should I do if I receive multiple NFTs in one transaction? Can I merge two transactions into one Transfer transaction for NFT? What should I do if I find my transactions in LUNA or LUNC are mismapped? 
General Information
What transactions are supported?
 Crypto.com Tax currently supports transaction types listed below. Buy/Sell - exchange fiat currency with another cryptocurrency, vice versa Trade - trade/exchange one cryptocurrency with another Send cryptocurrency to others: Payment - send cryptocurrency for goods or service Gift - send cryptocurrency as a gift Donation - send cryptocurrency to charities Reversal - the reversal of the corresponding income (more details set out in this article) Receive cryptocurrency from others: Gift - receive cryptocurrency from others as a gift Fork - receive cryptocurrency after a blockchain split Airdrop - receive cryptocurrency from an airdrop Mining - receive cryptocurrency from mining Payment - receive cryptocurrency as salary Rebate - receive cryptocurrency due to staking/card rebate Reward - receive cryptocurrency as rewards (e.g. staking/earn rewards, referral bonus, etc.) Transfer - moving cryptocurrency between your own accounts Swap - converting a cryptocurrency to another one Cost - fee charges not linked to a completed transaction (e.g. gas fee charged on the incomplete transaction) Liquidity In - sending funds to a liquidity pool in DeFi protocols Liquidity Out - removing funds from a liquidity pool in DeFi protocols NFT transactions cover the above transaction types including: Trade - exchange NFT with cryptocurrency Transfer - moving NFT between your own accounts Send NFT to others Receive NFT from others Note that Crypto.com Tax does not support transactions purely in fiat currency as these transactions are not required for calculating your taxes. 
How do I edit an existing transaction?
 As API requirements or CSV format from each wallet/exchange are prone to change, there will be cases where transactions are not imported as expected. If you spot an error that doesn’t match your transaction record, please click the 3 dots menu on the right-hand side of the problematic transaction, and click Edit to update the transaction details.   However, if you spot an error in the tax calculation, please contact us via the chat button at the bottom right corner or send us an email at [email protected], and our support team will get back to you as soon as possible. 
How do I manually add a new transaction?
 To add a new transaction, you can do it in 2 different ways by following the steps below. Add from the wallets/exchanges overview page Step 1: Go to the Wallets & Exchanges page and locate the wallet/exchange where you’d like to add the transaction Step 2: Click Action, and choose Add Manual Transaction  Step 3: You’ll be taken to the page where you can add the transaction Add from the transactions overview page Step 1: Go to the Transactions page Step 2: Click Add Transaction +  Step 3: You’ll be taken to the page where you can add the transaction
How do I merge 2 transactions into 1 “Transfer” transaction?
 After importing your transactions, you may find the “Transfer” transaction is being split into a “Send” transaction and a “Receive” transaction. You can manually merge the two transactions into one “Transfer” transaction by following the steps below.  Step 1: Go to the Transactions page Step 2: Check both “Send” transaction and “Receive” transaction and click Merge Transfer in the bottom panel   Step 3: Review the details of the Merge Transaction and click Yes, Merge Transaction  Note that this action can only be performed if the below conditions are satisfied: Same token in the two transactions The date and time of the “Send” transaction are before that of the “Receive” transaction The received amount is at most 20% less than the sent amount, as the transaction fee is usually less than 20% Two transactions are within 12 hours of each other
How do I change liquidity transactions as taxable?
 Liquidity transactions are not subject to Capital Gains Tax by default in Crypto.com Tax. However, if you consider the liquidity transactions to be taxable, you can go to the Settings page and turn on the “Realize gains on liquidity transactions” toggle. 
How is the market price determined for cryptocurrencies?
 We use market price data from CoinGecko to determine the token price for each supported cryptocurrency. The rates will be fetched from the price API of CoinGecko given at 00:00 am UTC on that particular day. If for some reason the rate is not available, we’ll assume the cost basis (i.e. token price) is 0 and display an error message of “Missing the rate”. You may refer to this article on how to solve it. 
How do I add a custom token?
 While Crypto.com Tax currently supports more than 10,000 cryptocurrencies listed on CoinGecko, it’s still possible that tokens of your transactions are not supported by us. In order to generate an accurate tax report, it’s important to add all your transactions so that the correct cost basis and result for tax reporting is recorded.  You can therefore add a custom token for these transactions by following steps below.  Step 1: Click your profile at the top right and go to the Settings page Step 2: Click on the Custom Token tab Step 3: Click Add Custom Token +  Step 4: Input the Name, Symbol and Description of your token, then click Add  Once you’ve created your custom token, you can now add transactions for the custom token. You may refer to this article on how to manually add a transaction.  Note that Crypto.com Tax does not provide pricing data for custom tokens. When you add a transaction for custom tokens, you have to manually record its value by clicking Set Net Worth.    
What is the foreign exchange rate used for transactions if transactions are not in my base currency?
 For transactions after January 1st, 2020, we refer to the internal live exchange rate API prepared by our internal data team. Whilst for transactions prior to 2020, we use the exchange rate from currency layer API. If you find any rate that is very off from your understanding, please contact us via the chat button at the bottom right corner, or report the bug at [email protected]. 
What if I cannot find the tokens of my transactions when adding/editing transactions?
 When you add/edit your transaction on the Transactions page, it is possible that you cannot find the respective token in the dropdown menu of currency. You can now add the custom token by clicking + Custom Token at the bottom of the dropdown menu. It will then refer you to the Settings page for custom token. You may refer to this article on how to add a custom token.    
What if I don’t find the currency price/foreign exchange rate correct?
 If the rate is totally different from your understanding, please report the bug via the chat button at the bottom right corner, or contact us at [email protected].  Note that if you make a transaction on a date where the rate fluctuated wildly, you might find our price/rate inaccurate. In that case, you can use the Set Net Worth function to update the price/rate for your crypto/fiat currency. You can access that function by clicking the 3 dots menu on the right-hand side of a transaction, and then click Edit to override the price/rate we used.   
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I exclude the tax calculation for specific transactions?
 Step 1: Go to the Transactions page Step 2: Click the 3 dots menu on the right-hand side of each transaction Step 3: Click Ignore to exclude transactions from the tax calculation Step 4: Click Restore if you’d like to restore those ignored transactions   
How do I perform an action on multiple transactions?
 Step 1: Go to the Transactions page Step 2: Select multiple transactions by checking the box on the left-hand side of the transactions Step 3: Select actions below on multiple transactions in the bottom panel: Delete transactions Ignore transactions Restore ignored transactions
What should I do if I see the transactions of “Send - Reversal”?
 You will see “Send - Reversal” transactions when there is a reversal of income (e.g. card cashback reverted). Please manually adjust the “Send - Reversal” transactions by following the steps below:  Step 1: Go to the Transactions page, and look for the previous income transaction that the reversal is made Step 2: Click the 3 dots menu and then Edit on the right-hand side of the respective income transaction Step 3: Update the Amount Received by deducting the reversal amount from the corresponding income Step 4: Remove the “Send - Reversal” transaction by clicking the 3 dots menu and then Delete on the right-hand side of the transaction   For example, you now have a new “Send -Reversal” transaction of USD10 due to the card cashback. Since the income of card cashback should be previously recorded as a “Receive - Reward” transaction, you should deduct the USD10 from the corresponding “Receive - Reward” transaction amount. You can then remove the “Send - Reversal” transaction from the Transactions page. 
Why is there a gain/loss on Cost transactions?
 After importing your data, you will see “Cost” transactions in your transactions overview page if there are any expenses incurred when the blockchain transactions are approved, failed, or canceled (e.g. gas fee is charged when a blockchain transaction is failed).  A capital gain may be recognized even though you are simply paying for the cost. This is because a “Cost” transaction is similar to selling crypto. When you pay for the cost (e.g. 0.1 ETH) on the blockchain, you are technically disposing of the crypto in your wallets to pay for the cost. Once there’s a disposal of crypto, capital gain/loss will be calculated for the disposition. 
Why are internal transfers between my own wallets showing a gain/loss?
 When you see a gain/loss being recognized in your internal transfer transactions, this is probably because Crypto.com Tax did not match your transactions into a “Transfer” transaction. This may happen when one side of the transfer is missing or on the wrong date. The transfer is therefore being split and recorded as normal “Send” and “Receive” transactions. In order to fix this issue, you may refer to this article to manually merge the transactions as a Transfer. 
Why are there duplicate transactions for transfers from Crypto.com Exchange to Crypto.com App?
 You may find duplicate transactions for a transfer transaction between your own accounts in Crypto.com Exchange and Crypto.com App. This internal transfer is split as a “Send” transaction in Crypto.com Exchange and a “Transfer” transaction in Crypto.com App. Please follow the below steps to delete duplicate transactions and also correct the sending and receiving wallets/exchanges for the internal transfer from Crypto.com Exchange to App: Step 1: Go to the Transactions page and Delete the “Send” transaction from Crypto.com Exchange by clicking the 3 dots menu on the right-hand side.   Step 2: Edit the “Transfer” transaction from Crypto.com App by clicking the 3 dots menu.   Step 3: Select “Crypto.com Exchange” as the sending exchange and “Crypto.com App” as the receiving wallet, and then click Save 
How are transaction fees being handled?
 You may see "Fee" or "Selling expense" on our transactions overview page/tax reports. These transaction fees are associated with your crypto transactions and are different from the "Cost" transactions mentioned in this section.  The transaction fees will be added to the cost basis of coins or net with proceeds depending on the tax regulation of your jurisdiction. In general, a capital gain/loss will be recognized on the transaction fee itself if it is paid in crypto. This is similar to the sale of crypto where you dispose of the crypto in your wallets to pay for the transaction fees. 
Can I edit my liquidity transactions?
 Yes. You may set the net worth & fees for your liquidity transactions. However, other fields e.g. Amount Bought/Sold, currency, etc. cannot be edited and would be grayed out at this stage. 
Which decentralized exchanges are supported for liquidity transactions?
 We support only Uniswap (V2), Sushiswap, Shibaswap, PancakeSwap, Biswap, and Crypto.com DeFi Swap. Liquidity transactions of other decentralized exchanges or DeFi protocols are skipped. 
Can I manually add a NFT transaction?
 To manually add a NFT transaction, you should first add your NFT as a custom token. We suggest you provide the NFT name when adding a custom token to distinguish different NFTs and avoid duplicate transactions. You may refer to this article on how to add a custom token.  After adding your NFT as a custom token, you can now add a new transaction by choosing the respective NFT in the Amount Sold/Bought field. You may refer to this article on how to manually add a new transaction. 
Can I edit my NFT transactions?
 Yes. You may Set Net Worth and add comments for your NFT transactions. For transactions under Send/Receive type, you may also edit Category for the transactions.  However, other fields cannot be edited and would be grayed out at this stage, including Date & Time, Wallet/Exchange, Currency, Amount Bought/Sold/Sent/Received/Transferred and Fee amount. 
What should I do if I receive multiple NFTs in one transaction?
 If you receive multiple NFTs in one transaction, the NFTs received would be recorded as separate transactions with zero cost basis. In that case, you can use the Set Net Worth function to update the cost of your NFTs. You may refer to this article on how to update net worth for your transactions. 
Can I merge two transactions into one Transfer transaction for NFT?
 Yes. After importing your NFT transactions, you may find your “Transfer” transaction for NFT is being split into a “Send” transaction and a “Receive” transaction. You may refer to this article on how to manually merge the two transactions into a “Transfer” transaction. 
What should I do if I find my transactions in LUNA or LUNC are mismapped?
 Given Terra 2.0 was officially released on 05/28/2022 where the old LUNA was renamed as LUNA Classic (LUNC) and the new LUNA remains as LUNA, we determine the relevant transactions based on the official release date.  For Crypto.com App users, if you have a “Conversion” transaction of LUNA into LUNC, please click the 3 dots menu and then Ignore on the right-hand side of the transaction on the Transactions page because we already swapped the 2 cryptocurrencies for you.  However, some exchanges might not follow the official release date for the Terra 2.0 Update, resulting in mismapping between LUNC and LUNA. Please click the 3 dots menu and then Edit on the right-hand side of the transaction, and then you can re-select the cryptocurrency from LUNA to LUNC in the edit transaction page.  Disclaimer: You acknowledge and agree that information provided by Crypto.com to you in your use of the Crypto.com Tax Services is for your reference only and should not be considered a substitute for legal advice, tax advice, audit advice, accounting advice, or brokerage advice under the guidance of a licensed professional. Further, the information provided herein should not be taken as financial planning or investment solicitation. You acknowledge and agree that no fiduciary relationship has been created between you and Crypto.com. You hereby understand and acknowledge that by using Crypto.com Tax Services, you are not being represented by a legal advisor, certified financial planner, tax professional, broker, other regulated advisor, or similar capacity.  There may be instances where you will be able to manually input information about your transactions. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any and all information entered and Crypto.com is not responsible for any information inputted incorrectly. Crypto.com makes no warranties as to the reliability or accuracy, completeness, or quality of any information you obtain through the Services.  This FAQ page is intended to be read in conjunction with the Crypto.com Tax Terms of Services.
Table of Contents:
 How is my capital gain/loss calculated? What is the cost basis used for the calculation? Does your service work for businesses? What if I spot an error in the calculation? Why is my capital gain/loss incorrect? Why is the cost basis different from what I paid? 
General Information
How is my capital gain/loss calculated?
 The actual calculation varies by different jurisdictions, but the basic idea is simple. Your gains/losses are assessed by subtracting your cost basis and transaction fee from the fair market value (FMV) of the disposed of crypto assets. If your transaction fee is paid in cryptocurrency, it should be valued at FMV and will separately result in capital gain/loss as it is considered a disposition of capital property. It is evaluated based on subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the fee. The total capital gain/loss will be the sum of both dispositions. You can click on the transaction to expand the section where we explain to you in detail how your capital gains/losses of the transaction and fee are calculated.  There are however other tax rules to consider in different countries, such as different cost basis methods to adopt. Please refer to this section for more information on different cost basis methods. 
What is the cost basis used for the calculation?
   Below are the common cost basis methods used for calculating taxes: First in, first out (FIFO): Using first-in-first-out works exactly how it sounds. The first coin that you purchase (chronologically) is the first coin that is counted for sale. Last in, first out (LIFO): LIFO works exactly the opposite of FIFO. Instead of selling off the first coin you acquired, you sell the last coin that came in (i.e. the most recent coins you acquired). Highest-in, first-out (HIFO): Highest-in first-out works exactly how it sounds. You sell the coins with the highest cost basis (original purchase price) first. Adjusted cost base (ACB): This is the method applicable to Canada and New Zealand. The ACB is the average cost of all coins, calculated by dividing the total amount you paid to buy your coins by the total number of coins you acquired. Share pooling: This is specific to the United Kingdom. There are three specific rules to calculate your cost basis. When you dispose of your coins, you have to work through these three rules in the following order to determine your cost basis: Same-Day Rule: coins acquired on the same day as the disposal are consumed first Bed and Breakfasting Rule: coins acquired in the 30 days following the day of disposal (provided the person making the disposal was resident in the United Kingdom at the time of the acquisition) will be counted for sale first Section 104 rule: this is similar to ACB where all previous coins purchased, the price averaged Specific ID: With specific identification, you identify exactly which coin is being spent at transaction time. This can be ad-hoc or according to a pattern (e.g., highest-in-first-out [HIFO], last-in-first-out [LIFO], etc.). However, Crypto.com Tax doesn’t support this cost-basis method at this moment. French Flat Tax (PFU): This is specific to France. There is a particular formula for calculating capital gains/cost basis if you are an occasional trader in France. When there’s a disposal, the cost basis is calculated by the fraction of the acquisition cost of your crypto portfolio (i.e. all of your crypto holdings) relative to the sales proceeds received from the disposal divided by total portfolio value (i.e. fair market value). Crypto.com Tax currently supports cost-basis methods of FIFO, LIFO, HIFO, ACB, Share pooling, and PFU. We’ll continue to support more cost basis methods as our service expands to more jurisdictions that require other methods. 
Does your service work for businesses?
 Unfortunately, Crypto.com Tax is designed to help individual retail users prepare their taxes resulting from crypto transactions. It is not tailored for business needs. Please consult your tax advisors if you need any advice on crypto taxes for businesses. 
Frequently Asked Questions
What if I spot an error in the calculation?
 Please contact us via the chat button at the bottom right corner, or report any error at [email protected] with the following information: Description of the error How to reproduce the error Screenshots Generic CSV Template containing the required transactions We’ll investigate the issue and get back to you as soon as possible. 
Why is my capital gain/loss incorrect?
 If you find the capital gain is unreasonably high, you may first check if the cost basis is correctly recorded. You can refer to this section for more details on cost basis. You may also look for any error messages (e.g. missing purchase history) shown on the Transactions page. Please refer to this section on how to ensure your tax report is accurate.   Another reason for a wrong capital gain/loss is probably due to an inaccurate market price used. We use CoinGecko’s price API given at 00:00 am UTC of that particular day to determine the market price for every supported crypto. If you find the market rate we used is inaccurate, you may refer to this section on how to fix this. 
Why is the cost basis different from what I paid?
 The cost basis of disposal may be different from the cost you previously paid as the cost basis method varies based on your jurisdiction. You may refer to this section for different cost basis methods. Crypto.com Tax will consolidate your crypto in all imported wallets to determine the cost basis.  Example:  You first bought 1 BTC for $10,000 and then bought 2 BTC for $50,000. You eventually sold 2 BTC for $30,000.  If you are using FIFO (First In, First Out) method, the first coin (i.e. BTC) that you purchase is the first coin that is counted for sale. In this example, the cost basis of the 2 BTC disposed would be $35,000 [=$10,000 + $50,000/2].  If you are using ACB (Adjusted cost base) method, the cost basis of sale will be determined by the average cost of all crypto (i.e. BTC) you bought. The cost basis of the 2 BTC disposed is therefore $40,000 [=2 x ($10,000 + $50,000)/3] in this example.  Disclaimer: You acknowledge and agree that information provided by Crypto.com to you in your use of the Crypto.com Tax Services is for your reference only and should not be considered a substitute for legal advice, tax advice, audit advice, accounting advice, or brokerage advice under the guidance of a licensed professional. Further, the information provided herein should not be taken as financial planning or investment solicitation. You acknowledge and agree that no fiduciary relationship has been created between you and Crypto.com. You hereby understand and acknowledge that by using Crypto.com Tax Services, you are not being represented by a legal advisor, certified financial planner, tax professional, broker, other regulated advisor, or similar capacity.  There may be instances where you will be able to manually input information about your transactions. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any and all information entered and Crypto.com is not responsible for any information inputted incorrectly. Crypto.com makes no warranties as to the reliability or accuracy, completeness, or quality of any information you obtain through the Services.  This FAQ page is intended to be read in conjunction with the Crypto.com Tax Terms of Services.
Table of Contents:
 What are the tax reports supported? How do I import the tax reports into TurboTax CD/Download (for US taxpayers)? How do I import the tax reports into TurboTax Online (for US taxpayers)? How do I import the tax reports into TaxAct (for US taxpayers only)? Why are there Long term and Short term gains in my tax report? Why is the number of disposals different from my transaction count? Do my tax reports aggregate all transactions imported? 
General Information
What are the tax reports supported?
 In general, the following tax reports can be automatically generated for you: Capital gains/losses: proceeds, cost basis, selling expense, and capital gain/loss of the asset Transaction history: detailed transactions for you to keep books and records Income report: details of all the cryptocurrency you received and whether they are taxable Gifts, donations & payments report: details of all the cryptocurrency you sent Expenses report: details of particular fee charges (e.g. gas fee from failed transactions) For the US taxpayers, the following tax forms/files will be generated for you as well: IRS Form 8949 Pre-selected box C for Part I and box F for Part II If users receive the 1099-B forms, please check boxes A-B for Part I and boxes D-E for Part II IRS Schedule D Tax filing software Import file for TurboTax Online Import file for TurboTax CD/Download Import file for TaxAct For taxpayers in the UK, Canada, Norway, and Spain, a particular tax summary can be generated to provide you with useful information for filing your tax forms. 
How do I import the tax reports into TurboTax CD/Download (for US taxpayers)?
 You should first download the TurboTax CD/Download CSV File under your Tax Reports page in Crypto.com Tax  Click File at the top right corner and choose Import From Accounting Software Choose the first program Other Financial Software (TXF file) and click Continue  3. Click Browse Files… and upload the CSV file downloaded from Crypto.com tax  4. Click View Details to check if the data is correctly imported and then press Import Now  5. Click Done and continue to complete the rest of the form  Click File on the Mac menu bar Choose Import in the drop-down menu and select From TXF Files 3. Upload the TXF File downloaded from our tax platform and click Continue    4.Click Import Now when the documents are ready  5. Click Done and complete the rest of the form 
How do I import the tax reports into TurboTax Online (for US taxpayers)?
 Download the TurboTax Online CSV file under your Tax Reports page in Crypto.com Tax  2. Login to TurboTax and go to the section of Wages & Income. Click Edit/Add next to “Stocks, Cryptocurrency, Mutual Funds, Bonds, Other”  3. Select Cryptocurrency and click Continue at the bottom  4. Click Try another way at the bottom  5. Select Use a CSV file and click Continue  6. Choose Crypto.com in the drop down menu under Crypto service and click Continue  7. Upload the TurboTax Online CSV file downloaded from Crypto.com Tax  8. You can edit your transactions by clicking Edit or add other transactions by clicking Add more sales on this page  
How do I import the tax reports into TaxAct (for US taxpayers only)?
 Download the TaxAct CSV file under your Tax Reports page in Crypto.com Tax 2. Login to TaxAct and click Help Center in the top right corner  3. Type “CSV” in the search bar and click CSV File Import in the search results    Click CSV Import under “Investment Income - Stock Data CSV Import”   4. Upload your TaxAct CSV file and click Continue  5. Check if you’ve uploaded all the transactions before clicking Continue. You can also import again by clicking Back at the bottom left  6. Adjust the header if you find they do not fit the requirement of TaxAct  7. Select the transactions you want to import. If you want to select all, you can check the box next to Import  8. Press Import if you find the imported data are fine  9. You can also review the transactions by clicking Stock Assistant  We’ll continue to add support to other necessary forms that are required by different jurisdictions as we expand our service to cover more countries. Stay tuned! 
Frequently Asked Questions
Why are there Long term and Short term gains in my tax report?
 Under tax regulations of some countries, capital gains would be categorized as long-term or short-term gains depending on the holding period of the investment. For investment held for more than a year, it is generally considered a long-term gain. There are usually different tax treatments between long-term and short-term gains. We, therefore, set out the Long term and Short term gains in our tax reports for countries such as the USA, Australia, and Austria. 
Why is the number of disposals different from my transaction count?
 You will likely see more disposals in your tax report than the transactions you have. This is due to the cost basis method (e.g. FIFO, LIFO, HIFO) used for calculation. One disposal could be disposing of different batches of coins acquired at different points in time. Your tax report will show the breakdown of each disposal and set out each batch of coins being disposed of.  Example:  You bought 1 BTC for $10,000 on 1 Jan 2021. You bought 2 BTC for $50,000 on 15 Mar 2021. You sold 2 BTC for $30,000 on 1 Jul 2021.  If you are using the FIFO method, your tax report will show 2 disposals below for this transaction: Sold 1 BTC (bought on 1 Jan 2021 at $10,000 cost) Sold 1 BTC (bought on 15 Mar 2021 at $25,000 cost)
Do my tax reports aggregate all transactions imported?
 Yes, the tax reports generated would include all transactions of the imported wallets/exchanges. We will aggregate the transactions in all imported wallets and you cannot generate tax reports for one particular wallet only. If you would like to exclude some transactions from your tax calculation, you may refer to this article on how to do it.  Disclaimer: You acknowledge and agree that information provided by Crypto.com to you in your use of the Crypto.com Tax Services is for your reference only and should not be considered a substitute for legal advice, tax advice, audit advice, accounting advice, or brokerage advice under the guidance of a licensed professional. Further, the information provided herein should not be taken as financial planning or investment solicitation. You acknowledge and agree that no fiduciary relationship has been created between you and Crypto.com. You hereby understand and acknowledge that by using Crypto.com Tax Services, you are not being represented by a legal advisor, certified financial planner, tax professional, broker, other regulated advisor, or similar capacity.  There may be instances where you will be able to manually input information about your transactions. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any and all information entered and Crypto.com is not responsible for any information inputted incorrectly. Crypto.com makes no warranties as to the reliability or accuracy, completeness, or quality of any information you obtain through the Services.  This FAQ page is intended to be read in conjunction with the Crypto.com Tax Terms of Services.
Table of Contents:
 Does Crypto.com Tax report my crypto data to the government? How do I delete my account? How do I solve the below error messages on the transactions overview page? Why am I asked to turn on browser notifications? How do I turn them on? Why am I not getting the full functionality on a mobile device? I need additional data for tax audits. What can I do? I found a bug. What can I do? 
General Information
Does Crypto.com Tax report my crypto data to the government?
 We do not send your tax reports to any government organizations on your behalf. However, we may be required to issue a Form 1099-MISC to you if you are a US citizen who has earned USD $600 or more in rewards from Crypto.com. We will also provide a copy of your form to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as required by law. For more details on Form 1099, you may refer to this article. 
How do I delete my account?
 To delete your account, you may follow the steps below: Click your profile at the top right corner and go to the Settings page Click the Account tab Click Delete Account at the bottom Confirm by clicking Yes, Delete Account in the pop-up window This will permanently delete all your account data including exchanges, wallets, and transactions history. Please also note that this action is irreversible. It may take up to 7 days to complete the deletion process and you won’t be able to sign-up using your existing login credentials. 
How do I solve the below error messages on the transactions overview page?
 When you dispose of crypto that you do not hold in your imported accounts in Crypto.com Tax, this error message will pop up. If there is missing purchase history, we will assume the cost basis of tokens disposed to be 0. You can fix this by either manually adding the missing crypto purchase to the account or importing the missing tokens through API/CSV upload. You can add the missing purchase in 2 ways by following the steps below. When you import your “Buy/Sell/Trade” transactions via API/CSV and either the incoming/outgoing side is missing, this error message will pop up. You can manually add the missing token by clicking the 3 dots menu on the right-hand side of the transaction, and then click Edit to add the token in Amount Sold/ Amount Bought.  When the receiving account is missing from a transfer transaction, this message will pop up. You can manually add the receiving Wallet/Exchange by clicking the 3 dots menu and then Edit on the right-hand side of the transaction. You may find the receiving wallet/exchange is missing for a transfer transaction from your own account in Crypto.com App to Crypto.com Exchange. Please create an empty wallet/exchange for Crypto.com Exchange on the Wallets & Exchanges page if you do not have one. Then, you can edit the transaction and choose Crypto.com Exchange as the receiving exchange.  These are specific to Canada’s superficial loss rule. The error messages will pop up when there is a “Buy” transaction within 30 days before or after a “Sell” transaction with a capital loss. The loss should be disallowed and added back to the cost basis of the “Buy” transaction. Note that Crypto.com Tax does not adjust for you in these transactions. To account for the superficial loss rule, you may do the adjustment by clicking the 3 dots menu and then Edit on the right-hand side of the transaction. You can then manually adjust the cost basis by clicking Set Net Worth on the edit transaction page.  After adjusting the transactions, we suggest you put comments in those transactions to remind yourself that the superficial loss rules have been handled.  This error message will pop up when we cannot provide the latest FX rate for the cryptocurrency. Please click the 3 dots menu and then Edit on the right-hand side of the transaction, and then you can manually adjust the cost basis by clicking Set Net Worth on the edit transaction page. The type of transactions imported by API/CSV sometimes cannot be correctly determined and will be marked as uncategorized with a default treatment. Please manually update the type of transaction by clicking the 3 dots menu and then Edit on the right-hand side of the transactions. You can then choose the appropriate transaction type on the left-hand side of the edit transaction page. You may refer to this article for all the supported transaction types.    This is specific to the US. You may update the cost basis by clicking the 3 dots menu and then Edit on the right-hand side of the transaction, and then you can manually adjust the cost basis by clicking Set Net Worth on the edit transaction page. This is specific to the US. IRS allows users to donate their crypto with the lowest cost basis first, no matter which cost basis method they choose. You may rearrange the order of purchase by clicking the 3 dots menu on the right-hand side of the transaction, and then click Edit to update the Date/Time on the edit transaction page. The transaction amount imported by API/CSV can sometimes be missing and incorrectly determined. Please manually update the amount according to your record by clicking the 3 dots menu on the right-hand side of the transaction, and then click Edit to update the Amount on the edit transaction page.
Frequently Asked Questions
Why am I asked to turn on browser notifications? How do I turn them on?
 Crypto.com Tax relies on browser notifications to give you updates when any changes are made. You’ll be able to get the status of tax recalculation that is associated with transaction addition/deletion/edition. You can still enjoy the full functionality of Crypto.com Tax even with the notifications disabled, but the experience will be extremely rough. Therefore, we suggest all our users turn on their browser notifications to make sure everyone gets the optimal user experience. To enable browser notifications, please follow the instructions provided by different browsers: Chrome Firefox Edge Note that Safari does not support browser notifications so we suggest you use the above browsers. 
Why am I not getting the full functionality on a mobile device?
 Tax calculation is a complicated process and requires a close examination of each and every transaction. It would be difficult If you handle these on your mobile devices. You may not be able to perform some actions on a mobile device as well, such as importing transactions from various CSV files. Therefore, we only enable the general overview page and tax report generation to mobile browsers. This is to ensure that we deliver the correct results to our users. 
I need additional data for tax audits. What can I do?
 Transaction history contains all your imported transactions and should serve as the source of truth if your tax authority is asking for detailed information. However, if there is any other type of data you need for transactions performed with Crypto.com, please contact us at [email protected] and our support team will get back to you as soon as possible. We strongly recommend that you keep all the records, as Crypto.com Tax is under no obligation to store, retain or provide access to the information you may need for the purposes of responding to tax authority queries or audits into your own tax affairs. 
I found a bug. What can I do?
 Please contact us via the chat button at the bottom right corner, or report the bug at [email protected], with the following information: Description of the bug How to reproduce the bug Screenshots We’ll investigate the issue and get back to you as soon as possible.  Disclaimer: You acknowledge and agree that information provided by Crypto.com to you in your use of the Crypto.com Tax Services is for your reference only and should not be considered a substitute for legal advice, tax advice, audit advice, accounting advice, or brokerage advice under the guidance of a licensed professional. Further, the information provided herein should not be taken as financial planning or investment solicitation. You acknowledge and agree that no fiduciary relationship has been created between you and Crypto.com. You hereby understand and acknowledge that by using Crypto.com Tax Services, you are not being represented by a legal advisor, certified financial planner, tax professional, broker, other regulated advisor, or similar capacity.  There may be instances where you will be able to manually input information about your transactions. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any and all information entered and Crypto.com is not responsible for any information inputted incorrectly. Crypto.com makes no warranties as to the reliability or accuracy, completeness, or quality of any information you obtain through the Services.  This FAQ page is intended to be read in conjunction with the Crypto.com Tax Terms of Services. Disclaimer: This page is for general information purposes only and should not be used as a substitute for consultation with tax professionals. By continuing on this page, you hereby acknowledge and agree that Crypto.com has not provided any tax or financial product advice, and that it is your responsibility to seek out separate professional advice from a holder of an Australian Financial Services Licence before making financial related decisions. Crypto.com has made no representations or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or applicability of any information on this page.  Further, you acknowledge and agree that any examples or calculations provided on this page are for illustrative purposes only and may not apply to you or your use of any of Crypto.com’s services, notwithstanding any apparent similarities between the fact patterns presented in such examples and those relevant to your individual circumstances.  Crypto.com is not responsible for any third-party material referenced on this page, and the inclusion of any third-party material on this page should not be construed as Crypto.com’s support of, agreement with, or attestation to the accuracy or applicability of such material. The general tax guidance on Australian Taxation Office (ATO) does not address all the various cryptocurrency transactions and resulting tax implications. Guidance from the ATO may be supported or challenged by the Australian courts.  By using this site and continuing on this page, you agree to the Crypto.com Tax Terms & Conditions and the applicable disclaimer for your jurisdiction. 
Table of contents:
 Is cryptocurrency taxable? How is my cryptocurrency taxed? When do I need to report my crypto taxes? Cryptocurrency capital gains tax rate What are crypto capital losses? How do I file crypto tax reports? Cost Basis Methods Tax-Free Crypto Transactions Is buying crypto taxable? Do I pay tax when transferring crypto between my own accounts? Tax Rules on other Crypto Transactions Is selling crypto taxable? Do I pay tax when trading one crypto for another? Do I pay tax when spending crypto? Is it taxable when gifting crypto to others? Do I pay tax when donating crypto to charity? Is swapping crypto taxable? Receiving cryptocurrency other than direct purchase or transfer Is mining crypto taxable? How are forks being taxed? How are airdrops being taxed? Do I pay tax when receiving crypto rewards? Do I pay tax when receiving gifts in crypto? Is it taxable when receiving crypto payment? (e.g. salary payment) Do I pay tax when getting a rebate in crypto? How are the transaction costs on blockchain being taxed? How is margin trading of crypto taxed? What are transaction fees in crypto transactions? How is transaction fee taxed in non-taxable events? How are transaction fees taxed in taxable events? What if the transaction fee is in cryptocurrency? Other Tax Considerations Do I need to keep records of crypto transactions? What is a personal use asset? 
Is cryptocurrency taxable?
 Yes, cryptocurrency is taxable in a variety of circumstances.  Cryptocurrency is generally treated as property for Australian tax purposes. The taxable events of crypto transactions are generally characterized as either capital gain (or loss) or ordinary income, depending on the type of transaction. In general, you may need to report a transaction on your Australian individual income tax return when you dispose of cryptocurrency. In the website of ATO, disposition of crypto means as follows:  Sell or gift cryptocurrency Trade or exchange cryptocurrency, including disposing of one cryptocurrency to get another cryptocurrency Convert cryptocurrency to fiat currency (a currency established by government regulation or law), such as Australian dollars Use cryptocurrency to obtain goods or services 
How is my cryptocurrency taxed?
 Cryptocurrency could be subject to Income Tax or Capital Gains Tax. If you earn taxable crypto income, it may be taxed as ordinary income at its fair market value on the date you receive it.  If you are a typical crypto investor, who treats trading cryptocurrency as a capital asset, you may pay capital gain tax on the capital gain made from disposition of your crypto asset. In such a scenario, the taxable income would be calculated based on the net proceeds (i.e. proceeds less any selling transaction fee) less the adjusted cost basis of the crypto. ATO gives a 50% discount on the capital gain if you hold the coins more or equal to 12 months before disposal. Any income from disposition is considered as capital gain, of which is subject to tax.  On the other hand, if you are running a crypto business or participating in transactions that constitute “business activities” , the income from disposition would be considered as business income/loss.  Note: Crypto.com Tax does not support business intent transactions currently. Therefore, this may not be the right tool for you if your crypto transactions constitute business activities as opposed to personal transactions. We do not purport to make this determination, please consult your independent advisors regarding your circumstances. 
When do I need to report my crypto taxes?
 You need to report your taxable crypto transactions on your Income Tax return for individuals (form NAT 2541). Subject to any applicable extensions, the income tax filing deadline is the end of October every year if you lodge the tax return personally. The deadline would be 15 May if you lodge the tax return with a tax agent. For more information, you may refer to the ATO website. 
Cryptocurrency capital gains tax rate
 Your capital gains will be taxed at the same rate as your Individual Income Tax rate. However, you'll only pay tax on half of your capital gain if you own the asset for 12 months or more. Please refer to the ATO website for more details about the income tax rates. 
What are crypto capital losses?
 In general, capital losses mean that the amount you spent when you bought or received the crypto (its adjusted cost basis) exceeds the proceeds you received for its sale. You do not pay tax on capital losses, but you can offset your capital gains with those losses.  If your capital losses exceed your capital gains, you cannot deduct the net capital loss from your other income but you may carry forward the unutilized losses to offset your capital gains in future tax years. There is no time limit on how long you can carry forward the unutilized losses, but capital losses must be used at the first opportunity. For more information on this, please visit the ATO website. 
How do I file crypto tax reports?
 Crypto.com Tax* is a user-friendly tax product to generate tax reports for tax filing. You may follow below steps to finish the crypto tax filing:  Register a FREE account in Crypto.com Tax Import your crypto transactions in Crypto.com Tax Crypto.com Tax supports over 30 popular exchanges and wallets. Apart from the supported exchanges/ wallets, you may also add your transactions manually.  Generate tax reports and check your tax summary You can export your reports in multiple formats (e.g. Capital gain/loss report and Transaction history report) at no cost.  Complete capital gains tax schedule for tax filing purpose After generating the Capital gain/loss report, you may use it to complete the capital gains tax schedule and attach it with your individual tax return (NAT 2541) for tax filing.  *Crypto.com Tax does not provide tax or financial product advice and is not intended to be a substitute for consultation with your own tax or financial professional. 
Cost Basis Methods
 When you have multiple crypto investments and transactions, cost basis methods dictate the way you calculate the cost basis of your crypto. Critically, cost basis methods affect how your capital gains are calculated.  The ATO does not restrict users to choose a particular cost basis method to calculate the taxes.  Therefore, you can choose either First In First Out (FIFO), Last In First Out (LIFO) or Highest In First Out (HIFO) in Crypto.com Tax to calculate your own taxes.  You should use the method that is suggested by the local tax authority or your independent tax professional and apply the method consistently. If you want to change your cost basis method, please consult with your tax professional first. Please see our FAQ for more details on different cost basis methods. 
Tax-Free Crypto Transactions
 Crypto purchases with fiat money (e.g. AUD --> BTC) are not subject to tax; however, it’s extremely important to keep track of the acquisition cost (including associated fees), as it becomes the cost basis of the crypto and will be used for calculating capital gains/losses for subsequent taxable events (i.e., dispositions / sales).  Generally, transferring crypto between your own accounts is tax-free when the associated fee is in fiat.  However, you may need to pay tax if the associated fee is in crypto as the difference between the fair market value (FMV) of the crypto disposed to settle the fee and its adjusted cost basis may result in capital gain/loss. See additional information on fees below. 
Tax Rules on other Crypto Transactions
 Sale of crypto for fiat currency (e.g. BTC --> AUD) is a taxable and reportable event. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis and the associated fees from the proceeds. If you hold the coins for 12 months or more before the disposal, you will have a 50% discount from the capital gain.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000 on 1 Feb 2020 and then sold 5 ETH for AUD 10,000 on 2 Feb 2021.  Results: Cost basis per coin: AUD 10,000/10 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: AUD 10,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: AUD 1,000 * 5 = AUD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: AUD 10,000 - 5,000 = AUD 5,000 Capital gain after discount: AUD 5,000 / 2 = AUD 2,500  Yes, exchanges of one crypto for another crypto (e.g. ETH --> BTC) are generally taxable and reportable events. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the coins you receive.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000 and then sold 5 ETH for 1 BTC. The FMV per BTC is AUD 12,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: AUD 10,000/10 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: AUD 12,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: AUD 1,000 * 5 = AUD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: AUD 12,000 - 5,000 = AUD 7,000  Paying for goods and services with crypto generally results in a taxable event due to the disposition of the crypto. However, it may not be taxable when personal use asset exemption applies. You may refer to this section for more details. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the coins you spend.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000 and then paid 5 ETH for some services. The FMV per ETH is AUD 2,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: AUD 10,000/10 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: AUD 2,000 * 5 = AUD 10,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: AUD 1,000 * 5 = AUD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: AUD 10,000 - 5,000 = AUD 5,000  Yes, sending a gift in crypto is generally taxable as it results in the disposition of the crypto. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the coins on the date of gifting.  When the crypto is ultimately sold by the recipient of the gift, the proceeds of disposition is the FMV on this date.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000 and then sent 5 ETH to friends as a gift. The FMV per ETH is AUD 2,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: AUD 10,000/10 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: AUD 2,000 * 5 = AUD 10,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: AUD 1,000 * 5 = AUD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: AUD 10,000 - 5,000 = AUD 5,000  Yes, it is generally taxable when you donate crypto to charity and results in capital gains/losses. If the payment is made directly to a not-for-profit organization which has “Deductible Gift Recipient Status” (DGR), it can be tax deductible. However, only a small number of Australian entities are DGRs, you can check here to see if the entity has DGR endorsement. In addition, it is required to keep the receipt issued by the DGR. You can also claim the deduction by using other records such as bank statements. Please refer to this webpage for more information.  The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the coins on the date of donation, less amount or benefit received or receivable from the charity.  Example: You bought 1 BTC for AUD 10,000 and then donated 1 BTC to a charity. The FMV per BTC is AUD 20,000.  Results: Capital gain/loss: AUD 20,000 - 10,000 = AUD 10,000  Note: AUD20,000 may be tax deductible and should be reported as a donation.  A token swap/migration occurs whenever an old coin is exchanged for a new coin (e.g. MCO converting to CRO).  It is generally considered a taxable event which is similar to trading one cryptocurrency for another cryptocurrency for Australia tax purposes.  Moreover, if the associated fee is settled in crypto, there may be a difference between the FMV and adjusted cost basis of the crypto used to settle the fee, which may result in capital gain/loss. See additional information on fees below.  Example: You bought 10 MCO for AUD 50 and then swapped 5 MCO to 20 CRO. The FMV per CRO is AUD 20.  Results: Cost basis per coin: AUD 50/10 = AUD 5 per MCO Proceeds: AUD 400 Total cost basis for 5 MCO: AUD 5 * 5 = AUD 25 Capital gain/loss: AUD 400 - 25 = AUD 375  Crypto mining is generally not taxable at the time of receipt. However, you may be subject to capital gains/losses when the mined coins are disposed (i.e. sold). If the crypto is considered to be a capital asset (i.e. mining as a hobby), the cost basis of the coins are zero and the mining expenses (e.g. start-up cost, home office expenses) cannot be taken as a deduction to the resulting capital gain/loss.  The capital gain/loss is calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the crypto on the date of disposition.  Example: You received 10 ETH from mining where the FMV per ETH is AUD 10,000. You then sold 1 ETH for AUD 12,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: 0 per ETH (i.e. zero cost basis) Proceeds: AUD 12,000 Capital gain/loss: AUD 12,000  Hard fork takes place when there is a split on the new crypto that you currently hold. Similar to mining, the new coins/tokens may be subject to capital gains/losses at dispositions and have a zero cost basis. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining. For more scenario cases, please refer to the session of Chain Split on the ATO website.  Airdrops are free coins you may receive from marketing campaigns or events.  In general, new coins from airdrops are taxable at the time of receipt. The FMV of the new coin when it is received will be treated as your ordinary income. These new coins may also be subject to capital gains/losses at dispositions. The cost basis of the received coins is equal to its FMV at the time of receipt. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  You can get crypto rewards in several ways, e.g. stake/earn rewards and bonus, referral bonus.  In general, the reward income is taxable at the time of receipt. The FMV of crypto rewards received will be treated as your ordinary income. Also, you may be subject to capital gains/losses when you dispose the crypto rewards. The cost basis of the received coins is equal to its FMV at the time of receipt. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  Receiving a crypto gift is not taxable at the time of receipt. However, the received coins may be subject to capital gains/losses at dispositions. The cost basis of the received coins is the FMV of the coins on the date of receipt. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  If you receive a crypto payment as a form of compensation, it may be considered as your employment income.  The FMV of received coins would be treated as part of your taxable employment income for that year and would be reportable on the Individual Income tax return - NAT 2541. Received coins from wages may be also subject to income tax withholding. See Schedule 1 – Statement of formulas for calculating amounts to be withheld for further details.  Each individual is responsible for calculating and reporting income on their individual tax return even if the payor (e.g., employer) has not supplied appropriate documentation.  It is your responsibility to consult a tax professional to ensure you have fulfilled your tax obligations.  The FMV of the crypto received as compensation will be your cost basis for such crypto assets in the event of a  future disposition.  Example: You received 10 ETH as salary where the FMV per ETH is AUD 1,000. You then sold 5 ETH for 1 BTC where the FMV per BTC is AUD 12,000.  Results: Proceeds: AUD 12,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: AUD 1,000 * 5 = AUD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: AUD 12,000 - 5,000 = AUD 7,000  Note: AUD 10,000 (10 ETH @ FMV of AUD 1,000 each) should be reported as income from wages/salaries at the time of receipt.  Note: In general, on the Crypto.com platform, you can only get rebates from certain credit card and staking transactions (as of the time of this article’s publication).  Please see the Crypto.com terms and conditions for eligibility criteria and other details on rebates.  In cases of rebates associated with spending transactions (e.g., credit card spends), rebates (including any received in the form of crypto coin/token) generally are not taxable at the time of receipt. However, like other crypto, they are subject to capital gains/losses at disposition. The cost basis of the received coin/token is equal to the FMV at the time of receipt. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  Example: You received 0.1 ETH from rebates where FMV per ETH is AUD 10,000. You then sold 0.1 ETH for AUD 1,200.  Results: Proceeds: AUD 1,200 Cost basis per coin: AUD 10,000 per ETH Total cost basis for 0.1 ETH: AUD 10,000 * 0.1 = AUD 1,000 Capital gain/loss: AUD 1,200 - 1,000 = AUD 200  You may incur expenses when a blockchain transaction is approved/failed/canceled. For example, when a gas fee is charged due to a failed blockchain transaction.  These transaction costs may be subject to capital gains/losses. The capital gains/losses, where applicable, can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the coins charged. The FMV of the coins should not be considered as an investment expense which is not tax deductible for Australian tax purposes.  Example: You bought 2 ETH for AUD 2,000 and 0.1 ETH is charged due to a failed blockchain transaction where the FMV per ETH is AUD 1,500.  Results: Proceeds (due to disposition of 0.1 ETH to cover the gas fee): AUD 1,500 * 0.1 = AUD 150 Cost basis per coin: AUD 2,000/2 = AUD 1,000 Total cost basis for 0.1 ETH: AUD 1,000 * 0.1 = AUD 100 Capital gain/loss: AUD 150 - 100 = AUD 50  Margin trading of crypto would generally incur capital gain/loss in the following cases:  - Closing the position - Payment of margin interest with crypto - Forced sale of your collateral by exchanges (i.e. a margin call)  Crypto.com Tax does not support margin trading transactions at this moment. Please consult your tax advisor if you’re actively involved in margin trading. 
What are transaction fees in crypto transactions?
 Fees can show up in all kinds of cryptocurrency transactions and is often the most cryptic part when calculating taxes. The tax treatment of fees depends on whether the fees are incurred in taxable or non-taxable transactions. You may also need to consider if the transaction fee is paid in cryptocurrency.  Typically in a non-taxable event (e.g. buying crypto), the FMV of the fee will be added to the cost basis of the resulting coins. Thus, in this example, the transaction fees you pay upon purchase will be considered as part of the cost basis if and when a disposition eventually happens and will reduce the capital gain.  However, transfer transactions generally are exceptions to the aforementioned mechanism. The fees associated with such transactions generally are not included in the cost basis and no deduction is available because its intention is to hold the crypto for investment purposes rather than disposition/acquisition of crypto.  Example 1: You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000, with a purchase fee of AUD 100.  Results: Cost basis per coin: AUD (10,000 + 100) / 10 = AUD 1,010 per ETH  Example 2: You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000 in account A. You then transferred 5 ETH from account A to account B, with a transfer fee of AUD 50.  Results: Cost basis per coin in account A: AUD 10,000 / 10 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Cost basis per coin in account B: AUD (1,000 * 5 ) / 5 = AUD 1,000 per ETH  In a taxable event (e.g. selling / trading crypto), the FMV of the fee is generally considered to be an expense, which is typically included in the cost basis and deducted from the proceeds when calculating capital gain/loss.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000. You then sold 5 ETH for AUD 10,000, with a selling fee of AUD 100.  Results: Proceeds: AUD 10,000 Cost basis per coin: AUD 10,000/10 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Total expense: AUD 100 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: AUD 1,000 * 5 + AUD 100 = AUD 5,100 Capital gain/loss: AUD 10,000 - 5,100 = AUD 4,900  When the transaction fee is in crypto, it should be valued at FMV and would generally  result in a capital gain/loss separately as it would be deemed a disposition of capital property. Therefore, in taxable events, your transaction may result in 2 separate reportable capital gains/losses, each of which should be separately listed in your transaction records.  For non-taxable events, you would just need to calculate the capital gain/loss from the fee. Note that in a transfer transaction, the FMV of the fee cannot be added to the resulting coin's cost basis.  Example 1: Buying crypto You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000. You then bought 5,000 CRO for AUD 1,000 with a transaction fee of 0.1 ETH. Assume the ETH price has gone up to AUD 2,000 on the day of buying CRO.  Results: Cost basis per ETH: AUD 10,000/10 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Transaction fee of 0.1 ETH: AUD 2,000 * 0.1 = AUD 200 Cost basis per CRO: AUD (1,000 + 200)/5,000 = AUD 0.24 per CRO Capital gain/loss from the fee = AUD (2,000 - 1,000) * 0.1 = AUD 100  Example 2: Transferring crypto You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000 in account A. You then transferred 5 ETH from account A to account B, with a transfer fee of 0.1 ETH. Assume the ETH price has gone up to AUD 2,000 on the day of transfer.  Results: Cost basis per coin in account A: AUD 10,000/10 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Cost basis per coin in account B: AUD (1,000 * 5 )/5 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Capital gain/loss from the fee = AUD (2,000 - 1,000) * 0.1 = AUD 100  Example 3: Selling crypto You bought 10 ETH for AUD 10,000 and then sold 5 ETH for AUD 10,000, with a selling fee of 0.1 ETH. We know the ETH price is AUD 2,000 on the day of sale.  Results: Proceeds: AUD 10,000 Cost basis per coin: AUD 10,000/10 = AUD 1,000 per ETH Total expense: AUD 2,000 * 0.1 = AUD 200 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: AUD 1,000 * 5 + AUD 200 = AUD 5,200 Capital gain/loss on transaction: AUD 10,000 - 5,200 = AUD 4,800 Capital gain/loss on fee: AUD (2,000 - 1,000) * 0.1 = AUD 100 Total capital gain/loss: AUD 4,800 + 100 = AUD 4,900 
Other Tax Considerations
 It is important to keep track of your crypto transactions as well as the market value of the crypto at critical junctures throughout these activities. The ATO provides general guidance that a taxpayer should maintain good records and details for each crypto asset for five years which is essential for meeting your tax obligations. You should keep records of receipts and sales documenting the date of transactions, price and fair market value of crypto, etc.  If you are a Crypto.com Tax user, it's easy to keep proper records of your crypto activities by simply syncing your wallets/exchanges or importing your transactions on Crypto.com Tax.  Cryptocurrency itself can qualify as a personal use asset in limited circumstances, and may consequently be exempt from capital gains tax. Crypto may be a personal use asset if it is acquired and kept mainly for personal use or consumption. However, it may not be a personal use asset if it is acquired, kept or used as an investment in the course of carrying on a business.  Only capital gains made from personal use assets acquired for less than $10,000 may be disregarded for capital gains tax purposes. All capital losses made on personal use assets are disregarded.  For example, where an individual acquires crypto to purchase airline tickets less than $10,000 on the same day, the crypto may be considered as a personal use asset. Capital gain may not be recognized when you pay for the tickets.For Crypto.com Tax users, you may manually change the net worth of the transaction to zero to remove the gain for this case. Please refer to our FAQ for more details on how to set net worth for a transaction. Disclaimer: This page is for general information purposes only and should not be used as a substitute for consultation with tax professionals. By continuing on this page, you hereby acknowledge and agree that Crypto.com has not provided any tax advice, you will rely on your own tax counsel with respect to your tax obligations, and Crypto.com has made no representations or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or applicability of any information on this page.  Further, you acknowledge and agree that any examples or calculations provided on this page are for illustrative purposes only and may not apply to you or your use of any of Crypto.com’s services, notwithstanding any apparent similarities between the fact patterns presented in such examples and those relevant to your individual circumstances.  Crypto.com is not responsible for any third-party material referenced on this page, and the inclusion of any third-party material on this page should not be construed as Crypto.com’s support of, agreement with, or attestation to the accuracy or applicability of such material. The Notice 2014-21 and the FAQ on IRS website do not address all the various cryptocurrency transactions and resulting tax implications. Guidance from the Internal Revenue Services (IRS) may be supported or challenged by the US courts.  By using this site and continuing on this page, you agree to the Crypto.com Tax Terms & Conditions and the applicable disclaimer for your jurisdiction. 
Table of Contents:
 Is cryptocurrency taxable? How is my cryptocurrency taxed? When do I need to report my crypto taxes? Cryptocurrency capital gains tax rate What are crypto capital losses? How do I file crypto tax reports? Cost Basis Methods Tax-Free Crypto Transactions Is buying crypto taxable? Do I pay tax when transferring crypto between my own accounts? Is swapping crypto taxable? Do I pay tax when donating crypto to charity? Is it taxable when gifting crypto to others? Tax Rules on other Crypto Transactions Is selling crypto taxable? Do I pay tax when trading one crypto for another? Do I pay tax when spending crypto? Receiving cryptocurrency other than direct purchase or transfer Is mining crypto taxable? How are forks being taxed? How are airdrops being taxed? Do I pay tax when receiving crypto rewards? Do I pay tax when receiving gifts in crypto? Is it taxable when receiving crypto payments? (e.g. salary payment) Do I pay tax when getting a rebate in crypto? How are the transaction costs on blockchain being taxed? How is the margin trading of crypto taxed? What are transaction fees in crypto transactions? How is the transaction fee taxed in non-taxable events? How are transaction fees taxed in taxable events? What if the transaction fee is in cryptocurrency? Other Tax Considerations Do I need to keep records of crypto transactions? Does the Wash Sale rule apply to crypto? How can the IRS track crypto?
Is cryptocurrency taxable?
 Yes, cryptocurrency is taxable in a variety of circumstances.  Cryptocurrency is generally treated as property for US federal income tax purposes. The taxable events of crypto transactions are generally characterized as either capital gain (or loss) or ordinary income, depending on the type of transaction. 
How is my cryptocurrency taxed?
 Cryptocurrency could be subject to Income Tax or Capital Gains Tax. If you earn taxable crypto income, it may be taxed as ordinary income at its fair market value on the date you receive it.  On the other hand, if you are a typical crypto investor, who trades cryptocurrency as a capital asset, you may pay capital gain tax on the capital gain made from disposition of your crypto asset. In such a scenario, the capital gain/loss would be calculated based on the net proceeds (i.e. proceeds less any selling transaction fee) less the adjusted cost basis of the crypto. 
When do I need to report my crypto taxes?
 You need to report your taxable crypto transactions on your US Individual tax return (IRS Form 1040 and its state equivalents, where applicable). Subject to any applicable extensions, the federal income tax filing and payment deadline for 2022 tax year is April 17, 2023. 
Cryptocurrency capital gains tax rate
 The capital gains tax rate varies based on the holding period of the crypto and your tax bracket.  If you hold your crypto for 1 year or less, you will be subject to short-term capital gain/loss which is taxed at the same rates as ordinary income. On the other hand, you will be subject to long-term capital gains tax rate if the holding period is over 1 year. Please refer to Topic No.409 for more details about the tax rates. 
What are crypto capital losses?
 In general, capital losses mean that the amount you spent when you bought or received the crypto (its adjusted cost basis) exceeds the proceeds you received for its sale You do not pay tax on capital losses, but you can offset your capital gains with those losses.  If your capital losses exceed your capital gains, you may offset the excess losses against your ordinary income, up to $3,000 per year. You may also carry forward the unutilized losses to future tax years. 
How do I file crypto tax reports?
 Crypto.com Tax* is a user-friendly tax product to generate tax reports for tax filing. You may follow the below steps to finish the crypto tax filing:  Register a FREE account in Crypto.com Tax Import your crypto transactions in Crypto.com Tax Crypto.com Tax supports over 30 popular exchanges and wallets. Apart from the supported exchanges/ wallets, you may also add your transactions manually. Generate tax reports and check your tax summary You can export your reports in multiple formats (e.g. Form 8949, Schedule D, Capital gain/loss report, and Transaction history report) at no cost. Download the CSV files and import them into tax filing software You may follow the steps in FAQ to import tax reports and file your crypto taxes with tax filing software (e.g. TurboTax, TaxAct).  *Crypto.com Tax does not provide tax advice and is not intended to be a substitute for consultation with your own tax professional. 
Cost Basis Methods
 When you have multiple crypto investments and transactions, cost basis methods dictate the way you calculate the cost basis of your crypto. Critically, cost basis methods affect how your capital gains are calculated.  The IRS generally suggests users choose First In First Out (FIFO) or Special identification to be the cost basis methods when calculating the taxes. However, the IRS generally does not compel users to choose any particular cost basis method, so other methods like Last In First Out (LIFO) or Highest In First Out (HIFO) can also be adopted.  You should use the method that is suggested by the local tax authority or your tax professional and apply the method consistently. If you want to change your cost basis method, please consult with your tax professional first. Please see our FAQ for more details on different cost basis methods. 
Tax-Free Crypto Transactions
 Crypto purchases with fiat money (e.g. USD --> BTC) are not subject to tax; however, it’s extremely important to keep track of the acquisition cost (including associated fees), as it becomes the cost basis of the crypto and will be used for calculating capital gains/losses for subsequent taxable events (i.e., dispositions/sales).  Generally, transferring crypto between your own accounts is tax-free when the associated fee is in fiat.  However, you may need to pay tax if the associated fee is in crypto as the difference between the FMV of the crypto disposed to settle the fee and its adjusted cost basis may result in capital gain/loss. See additional information on fees below.  A token swap/migration occurs whenever an old coin is exchanged for a new coin (e.g. MCO converting to CRO).  Depending on the specific circumstances related to the exchange, such exchanges may be taxable events and reportable on your tax return, regardless of whether the exchange results in capital gain/loss.  Moreover, if the associated fee is settled in crypto, there may be a difference between the FMV and the adjusted cost basis of the crypto used to settle the fee, which may result in capital gain/loss. See additional information on fees below.  Based on the Internal Revenue Code Section 170(c), if your payment is made directly to a qualified charitable organization, it is subject to the same rules that typically apply to charitable contributions (i.e. donations). Generally, you will not realize any income or capital gain/loss on such donations.  You may also be able to claim an income tax deduction for your donation on Schedule A of your tax return as an itemized deduction (if you itemize). The amount of deduction varies depending on your holding period of crypto and is subject to certain limits based on your Adjusted Gross Income (AGI). Subject to any limits that may apply to you, the tax-deductible amount would equal the FMV of the donated crypto at the time of donation if the donor held it for more than one year; if it was held for one year or less at the time of donation, the deductible amount will be the lesser of its cost basis or the FMV at the time of the contribution.  You will also need to file Form 8283 if the donations are over USD 500. You will need to get the signature from the charitable organization to acknowledge the receipt.  Sending a gift generally is not subject to capital gains/losses. However, as the donor of a gift, you may be subject to gift tax (note: this is a distinction from income tax; whereas income taxes are generally paid by the recipient of income, gift taxes are generally paid by the donor (i.e. sender) of the gift).  You may need to file a gift tax return, Form 709, if the aggregate amount of your gift(s) to the same recipient (including the crypto gift(s) and any other gift(s) you’ve given to the same recipient) during any given tax year exceeds the applicable annual gift tax exclusion (USD 16,000 for the 2022 tax year). This threshold is not a per-transaction limit; to reiterate, this threshold applies to the aggregate of all your gifts to the same recipient during the same tax year. If you send out several gifts to the same person, you may be subject to gift tax if the total amount of all the gifts exceeds the threshold, even if each individual gift is under the threshold. 
Tax Rules on other Crypto Transactions
 Sales of crypto for fiat currency (e.g. BTC --> USD) is a taxable and reportable event. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis and the associated fees from the proceeds. Your marginal tax rate for a disposition will be based on your holding period of the coins and your tax bracket. You may refer to our capital gains tax rate section above.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for USD 10,000 on 1 Feb 2020 and then sold 5 ETH for USD 10,000 on 2 Feb 2021. You are subject to long-term capital gains tax.  Results: Cost basis per coin: USD 10,000/10 = USD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: USD 10,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: USD 1,000 * 5 = USD 5,000 Long-term capital gain/loss: USD 10,000 - 5,000 = USD 5,000  Yes, exchanges of one crypto for another crypto (e.g. ETH --> CRO) are generally taxable and reportable events. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV (fair market value) of the coins you receive.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for USD 10,000 and then sold 5 ETH for 1 BTC. The FMV per BTC is USD 12,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: USD 10,000/10 = USD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: USD 12,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: USD 1,000 * 5 = USD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: USD 12,000 - 5,000 = USD 7,000  Paying for goods and services with crypto generally results in a taxable event due to the disposition of the crypto. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV (fair market value) of the coins you spend.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for USD 10,000 and then paid 5 ETH for some services. The FMV per ETH is USD 2,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: USD 10,000/10 = USD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: USD 2,000 * 5 = USD 10,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: USD 1,000 * 5 = USD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: USD 10,000 - 5,000 = USD 5,000  Yes, crypto mining is considered taxable. The FMV of received coins (mining income) will be treated as your ordinary income at the time of receipt and subject to Income Tax.  Also, you may be subject to Capital Gains Tax when the mined coins are disposed (i.e. sold). The cost basis of received coins is equal to its FMV at the time of receipt. The capital gain/loss is calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the crypto on the date of disposition.  If the crypto is considered to be a capital asset (i.e. mining as a hobby), the mining expenses (e.g. start-up cost, home office expenses) cannot be taken as a deduction to the resulting capital gain/loss. Those expenses can only be deducted on Schedule A as itemized deductions (if you itemize).  Example: You received 10 ETH from mining where the FMV per ETH is USD 10,000. You then sold 1 ETH for USD 12,000.  Results: Ordinary income: USD 10,000 * 10 = USD 100,000 Cost basis per coin: USD 10,000 per ETH Proceeds: USD 12,000 Total cost basis for 1 ETH: USD 10,000 Capital gain/loss: USD 12,000 - 10,000 = USD 2,000  A hard fork takes place when there is a split on the new crypto that you currently hold. Similar to mining, the FMV of the new coins/tokens received due to hard forks will be treated as your ordinary income and subject to Income Tax.  Also, the new coins/tokens may be subject to Capital Gains Tax at dispositions. The cost basis of the received coins is equal to its FMV at the time of receipt. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  In addition, in a soft fork that does not create a new coin, you would not be deemed to have received any income.  Airdrops are basically some free coins you received from a marketing campaign or event.  In general, you will be subject to Income Tax when you receive new coins from airdrops. Similar to mining, the FMV of new coins received will be treated as your ordinary income. Also, the new coins may be subject to Capital Gains Tax at dispositions. The cost basis of the received coins is equal to its FMV at the time of receipt. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  You can get crypto rewards in several ways, e.g. stake/earn rewards and bonus, referral bonus.  In general, the reward income is taxable at the time of receipt. Similar to mining, the FMV of crypto rewards received will be treated as your ordinary income and subject to Income Tax. Also, you may be subject to Capital Gains Tax when you dispose of the crypto rewards. The cost basis of the received coins is equal to its FMV at the time of receipt. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  Receiving a crypto gift is not taxable at the time of receipt. However, the received coins may be subject to capital gains/losses at dispositions. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining, but the cost basis is different from other receiving transactions.  The cost basis for crypto received as a gift varies depending on whether the FMV on the date of receipt is greater/less than the donor’s cost basis:  FMV is greater than the donor's adjusted cost basis: your cost basis is equal to the donor’s cost basis plus any gift tax paid by the donor FMV is less than the donor's adjusted cost basis: your cost basis can be either one of the following cases: Donor's cost basis plus any gift tax paid by the donor (if the selling price is greater than the donor’s cost basis) FMV of the received coin (if the selling price is less than FMV) Selling price (if the selling price is greater than FMV of a gift but less than donor’s cost basis) (If you are using Crypto.com Tax for tax filing, you can manually change the cost basis of received coins. Please follow the guide in the FAQ.)  Example 1: FMV > donor's cost basis  You received 10 ETH from friends as a gift where the FMV per ETH is USD 1,000. The donor's cost basis of the 10 ETH is USD 8,000. You then sold 5 ETH for 1 BTC where the FMV per BTC is USD 12,000.  Results: Proceeds: USD 12,000 Your cost basis: USD 8,000/10 = USD 800 per ETH (i.e. Cost basis of donor) Total cost basis for 5 ETH: USD 800 * 5 = USD 4,000 Capital gain/loss: USD 12,000 - 4,000 = USD 8,000  Example 2: FMV < donor's cost basis  You received 10 ETH from friends as a gift and the FMV per ETH is USD 500. The donor's cost basis of the 10 ETH is USD 8,000. You then sold 5 ETH for the following price: Selling price /Proceeds Your cost basis Total cost basis Capital gain/loss USD 12,000 The cost basis of donor USD 800 * 5 = 4,000 USD 12,000 - 4,000 = 8,000 USD 2,000 FMV USD 500 * 5 = 2,500 USD 2,000 - 2,500 = (500) USD 3,000 Selling price USD 3,000 USD 3,000 - 3,000 = 0 If you receive a crypto payment as a form of compensation, it may be considered your employment income.  The FMV of received coins would be treated as part of your taxable employment income for that year and would be reportable on the individual federal income tax return (Form 1040).  Depending on your state, it may be taxable and reportable on the state income tax return as well. The FMV of received coins may also be included in your Wage and Tax Statement (W-2). If you do not receive your W-2 statement from your employer or if your W-2 does not include crypto compensation that you received during the year, you should consult your tax professional about what to do. Similar to other employment income, any received coins may also be subject to income tax withholding. See Publication 15 (Circular E), Employer's Tax Guide for further details.  Each individual is responsible for calculating and reporting income on their federal and state tax returns even if the payor (e.g., employer) has not supplied appropriate documentation.  It is your responsibility to consult a tax professional to ensure you have fulfilled your tax obligations.  The FMV of the crypto received as compensation will be your cost basis for such crypto assets in the event of a  future disposition.  Example: You received 10 ETH as salary where the FMV per ETH is USD 1,000. You then sold 5 ETH for 1 BTC where the FMV per BTC is USD 12,000.  Results: Proceeds: USD 12,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: USD 1,000 * 5 = USD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: USD 12,000 - 5,000 = USD 7,000  Note: USD 10,000 (10 ETH @ FMV of USD 1,000 each) should be reported as income from wages/salaries at the time of receipt.  Note: In general, on the Crypto.com platform, you can only get rebates from certain credit card and staking transactions (as of the time of this article’s publication).  Please see the Crypto.com terms and conditions for eligibility criteria and other details on rebates.  In cases of rebates associated with spending transactions (e.g., credit card spends), rebates (including any received in the form of crypto coin/token) generally are not taxable at the time of receipt. However, like other cryptos, they are subject to capital gains/losses at disposition. The cost basis of the received coin/token is equal to the FMV at the time of receipt. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  Example: You received 0.1 ETH from rebates where FMV per ETH is USD 10,000. You then sold 0.1 ETH for USD 1,200.  Results: Proceeds: USD 1,200 Cost basis per coin: USD 10,000 per ETH Total cost basis for 0.1 ETH: USD 10,000 * 0.1 = USD 1,000 Capital gain/loss: USD 1,200 - 1,000 = USD 200  You may incur expenses when a blockchain transaction is approved/failed/canceled. For example, when a gas fee is charged due to a failed blockchain transaction.  These transaction costs may be subject to capital gains/losses. The capital gains/losses, where applicable, can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the coins charged. The FMV of the coins should be considered as an investment expense which you may be able to deduct as a “miscellaneous itemized deduction” under Schedule A. Note that this miscellaneous itemized deduction has been suspended for federal income tax purposes from 2018 through 2025 under the Trump administration’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, but it still exists for some states for state income tax purposes.  Example: You bought 2 ETH for USD 2,000 and 0.1 ETH is charged due to a failed blockchain transaction where the FMV per ETH is USD 1,500.  Results: Proceeds (due to disposition of 0.1 ETH to cover the gas fee): USD 1,500 * 0.1 = USD 150 Cost basis per coin: USD 2,000/2 = USD 1,000 Total cost basis for 0.1 ETH: USD 1,000 * 0.1 = USD 100 Capital gain/loss: USD 150 - 100 = USD 50  Note: Investment expense of USD 150 may be tax deductible for state income tax purposes. 
How is the margin trading of crypto taxed?
 Margin trading of crypto would generally incur capital gain/loss in the following cases:  - Closing the position - Payment of margin interest with crypto - Forced sale of your collateral by exchanges (i.e. a margin call)  Crypto.com Tax does not support margin trading transactions at this moment. Please consult your tax advisor if you’re actively involved in margin trading. 
What are transaction fees in crypto transactions?
 Fees can show up in all kinds of cryptocurrency transactions and is often the most cryptic part when calculating taxes. The tax treatment of fees depends on whether the fees are incurred in taxable or non-taxable transactions. You may also need to consider if the transaction fee is paid in cryptocurrency. 
How is the transaction fee taxed in non-taxable events?
 Typically in a non-taxable event (e.g. buying crypto), the FMV of the fee will be added to the cost basis of the resulting coins. Thus, in this example, the transaction fees you pay upon purchase will be considered as part of the cost basis if and when a disposition eventually happens and will reduce the capital gain.  However, transfer and swap transactions generally are exceptions to the aforementioned mechanism. The fees associated with such transactions generally are not included in the cost basis. However, these types of transaction fees may be considered investment expenses and may be deductible as a “miscellaneous itemized deduction” under Schedule A.  Note: this miscellaneous itemized deduction is currently suspended for federal income tax purposes, but it may still exist in your state for state income tax purposes.  Example 1: You bought 10 ETH for USD 10,000, with a purchase fee of USD 100.  Results: Cost basis per coin: USD (10,000 + 100) / 10 = USD 1,010 per ETH  Example 2: You bought 10 ETH for USD 10,000 in account A. You then transferred 5 ETH from account A to account B, with a transfer fee of USD 50.  Results: Cost basis per coin in account A: USD 10,000 / 10 = USD 1,000 per ETH Cost basis per coin in account B: USD (1,000 * 5 ) / 5 = USD 1,000 per ETH Investment expense: USD 50 (may be tax deductible for state income tax purposes)  In a taxable event (e.g. selling/trading crypto), the FMV of the fee is generally considered to be an expense, which is typically deducted from the proceeds when calculating capital gain/loss.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for USD 10,000. You then sold 5 ETH for USD 10,000, with a selling fee of USD 100.  Results: Proceeds: USD 10,000 Cost basis per coin: USD 10,000/10 = USD 1,000 per ETH Total cost basis for 5 ETH: USD 1,000 * 5 = USD 5,000 Total expense: USD 100 Net Proceeds: USD 10,000 - 100 = USD 9,900 Capital gain/loss: USD 9,900 - 5,000 = USD 4,900  When the transaction fee is in crypto, it should be valued at FMV and would generally separately result in a capital gain/loss as it would be deemed a disposition of capital property. Therefore, in taxable events, your transaction may result in 2 separate reportable capital gains/losses, each of which should be separately listed in your transaction records.  For non-taxable events, you would just need to calculate the capital gain/loss from the fee. Note that in a transfer transaction, the FMV of the fee cannot be added to the resulting coin's cost basis.  Example 1: Buying crypto You bought 10 ETH for USD 10,000. You then bought 5,000 CRO for USD 1,000 with a transaction fee of 0.1 ETH. Assume the ETH price has gone up to USD 2,000 on the day of buying CRO.  Results: Cost basis per ETH: USD 10,000/10 = USD 1,000 per ETH Transaction fee of 0.1 ETH: USD 2,000 * 0.1 = USD 200 Cost basis per CRO: USD (1,000 + 200)/5,000 = USD 0.24 per CRO Capital gain/loss from the fee = USD (2,000 - 1,000) * 0.1 = USD 100  Example 2: Transferring crypto You bought 10 ETH for USD 10,000 in account A. You then transferred 5 ETH from account A to account B, with a transfer fee of 0.1 ETH. Assume the ETH price has gone up to USD 2,000 on the day of transfer.  Results: Cost basis per coin in account A: USD 10,000/10 = USD 1,000 per ETH Cost basis per coin in account B: USD (1,000 * 5 )/5 = USD 1,000 per ETH Capital gain/loss from the fee = USD (2,000 - 1,000) * 0.1 = USD 100 Investment expense: USD 2,000 * 0.1 = USD 200 (can be tax deductible for state income)  Example 3: Selling crypto You bought 10 ETH for USD 10,000 and then sold 5 ETH for USD 10,000, with a selling fee of 0.1 ETH. We know the ETH price is USD 2,000 on the day of sale.  Results: Proceeds: USD 10,000 Cost basis per coin: USD 10,000/10 = USD 1,000 per ETH Total cost basis for 5 ETH: USD 1,000 * 5 = USD 5,000 Total expense: USD 2,000 * 0.1 = USD 200 Net Proceeds: USD 10,000 - 200 = USD 9,800 Capital gain/loss on transaction: USD 9,800 - 5,000 = USD 4,800 Capital gain/loss on fee: USD (2,000 - 1,000) * 0.1 = USD 100 Total capital gain/loss: USD 4,800 + 100 = USD 4,900 
Other Tax Considerations
 It is important to keep track of your crypto transactions as well as the market value of the crypto at critical junctures throughout these activities. The IRS provides general guidance that a taxpayer should maintain records that are sufficient to establish the positions taken on the taxpayer’s tax returns – it is the taxpayer’s burden and obligation to maintain sufficient records to substantiate what they report on their tax returns. For example, you should keep records of receipts and sales documenting the date of transactions, price, and fair market value of crypto.  Since the IRS can generally audit your tax return within the last 6 years (and longer in some situations), it would be prudent to keep records for at least 6 years to substantiate your tax positions.  If you are a Crypto.com Tax user, it's easy to keep proper records of your crypto activities by simply syncing your wallets/exchanges or importing your transactions on Crypto.com Tax.  The wash sales rule does not apply to crypto because it is classified as property by the IRS. This rule only applies to securities. Therefore, you can repurchase a crypto asset within 30 days of a sale that resulted in a capital loss without being subject to the wash sale rule.  Despite the anonymous nature of crypto, the IRS can still track your crypto in different ways: Some crypto exchanges will send Form 1099 to the IRS alerting that a taxpayer is trading crypto. All major crypto exchanges are required to complete Know-Your-Customer (KYC) checks on users. The IRS can request data from crypto exchanges for tax compliance purposes. The IRS may also use blockchain analytics tools to identify the crypto activity of digital wallets and tie them to individuals when they suspect criminal activities. Disclaimer: This page is for general information purposes only and should not be used as a substitute for consultation with tax professionals. By continuing on this page, you hereby acknowledge and agree that Crypto.com has not provided any tax advice, you will rely on your own tax counsel with respect to your tax obligations, and Crypto.com has made no representations or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or applicability of any information on this page.  Further, you acknowledge and agree that any examples or calculations provided on this page are for illustrative purposes only and may not apply to you or your use of any of Crypto.com’s services, notwithstanding any apparent similarities between the fact patterns presented in such examples and those relevant to your individual circumstances.  Crypto.com is not responsible for any third-party material referenced on this page, and the inclusion of any third-party material on this page should not be construed as Crypto.com’s support of, agreement with, or attestation to the accuracy or applicability of such material. The Canadian Income Tax Act does not explicitly address the various cryptocurrency transactions and resulting tax implications. Guidance from the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) may be supported or challenged by Canadian courts.  By using this site and continuing on this page, you agree to the Crypto.com Tax Terms & Conditions and the applicable disclaimer for your jurisdiction. 
Table of contents:
 Is cryptocurrency taxable? How is my cryptocurrency taxed? When do I need to report my crypto taxes? Cryptocurrency capital gains tax rate What are crypto capital losses? How do I file crypto tax reports? Cost Basis Methods Tax-Free Crypto Transactions Is buying crypto taxable? Do I pay tax when transferring crypto between my own accounts? Is swapping crypto taxable? Tax Rules on other Crypto Transactions Is buying crypto taxable? Do I pay tax when trading one crypto for another? Do I pay tax when spending crypto? Is it taxable when gifting crypto to others? Do I pay tax when donating crypto to charity? Receiving cryptocurrency other than direct purchase or transfer Is mining crypto taxable? How are forks being taxed? How are airdrops being taxed? Do I pay tax when receiving crypto rewards? Do I pay tax when receiving gifts in crypto? Is it taxable when receiving crypto payment? (e.g. salary payment) Do I pay tax when getting a rebate in crypto? How are the transaction costs on blockchain being taxed? How is margin trading of crypto taxed? What are transaction fees in crypto transactions? How is the transaction fee taxed in non-taxable events? How are transaction fees taxed in taxable events? What if the transaction fee is in cryptocurrency? Other Tax Considerations Do I need to keep records of crypto transactions? What is the Superficial Loss Rule? What are Foreign property regulations?
Is cryptocurrency taxable?
 Yes, cryptocurrency is taxable in a variety of circumstances.  Cryptocurrency is generally treated as commodities for Canadian tax purposes. The taxable events of crypto transactions are generally characterized as either capital gain (or loss) or business income, depending on the situation and the individual’s intent. In general, you may need to report a transaction on your Canadian personal income tax return when you dispose of cryptocurrency. On the website of CRA, disposition of crypto means as follows: Sell or make a gift of cryptocurrency Trade or exchange cryptocurrency, including disposing of one cryptocurrency to get another cryptocurrency Convert cryptocurrency to government-issued currency, such as Canadian dollars Use cryptocurrency to buy goods or services
How is my cryptocurrency taxed?
 Cryptocurrency could be subject to Income Tax or Capital Gains Tax. If you earn taxable crypto income, it may be taxed as ordinary income at its fair market value on the date you receive it.  If you are a typical crypto investor, who treats trading cryptocurrency as a hobby, you may pay capital gain tax on the capital gain made from the disposition of your crypto asset. In such a scenario, the taxable income would be calculated based on the net proceeds (i.e. proceeds less any selling transaction fee) less the adjusted cost basis of the crypto times 50%.  On the other hand, if you are running a crypto business (not hobby intent), the income from disposition would be considered as business income/loss.  Note: Crypto.com Tax does not support business intent transactions currently. Therefore, this may not be the right tool for you if your crypto transactions constitute business activities as opposed to hobby transactions. 
When do I need to report my crypto taxes?
 You need to report your taxable crypto transactions on your Canadian personal income tax return (T1 General). Subject to any applicable extensions, the federal income tax filing and payment deadline for 2022 tax year is April 30, 2023. If you are self-employed, the deadline for filing your Canadian income tax return is June 15, 2023. However, the deadline for tax payment is still April 30, 2023. 
Cryptocurrency capital gains tax rate
 There is no Capital Gains Tax rate in Canada. Your capital gains will be taxed at the same rate as your Federal Income Tax rate and Provincial Income Tax rate. However, you'll only pay tax on half of your capital gain. Please refer to the CRA website for more details about the income tax rates. 
What are crypto capital losses?
 In general, capital losses mean that the amount you spent when you bought or received the crypto (its adjusted cost basis) exceeds the proceeds you received for its sale. You do not pay tax on capital losses, but you can offset your capital gains with those losses.  If your capital losses exceed your capital gains, you may carry forward the unutilized losses to future tax years. You may refer to the CRA website for more details about the allowable capital losses. 
How do I file crypto tax reports?
 Crypto.com Tax* is a user-friendly tax product to generate tax reports for tax filing. You may follow the below steps to finish the crypto tax filing: Register a FREE account in Crypto.com Tax Import your crypto transactions in Crypto.com Tax Crypto.com Tax supports over 30 popular exchanges and wallets. Apart from the supported exchanges/ wallets, you may also add your transactions manually. Generate tax reports and check your tax summary You can export your reports in multiple formats (e.g. Capital gain/loss report and Transaction history report) at no cost. Complete Schedule 3 for tax filing purposes After generating the Capital gain/loss report, you may use it to complete Schedule 3 and attach it with your individual tax form (T1) for tax filing.  *Crypto.com Tax does not provide tax advice and is not intended to be a substitute for consultation with your own tax professional. 
Cost Basis Methods
 When you have multiple crypto investments and transactions, cost basis methods dictate how you calculate your crypto's cost basis. Critically, cost basis methods affect how your capital gains are calculated.  The CRA only allows users to use Adjusted cost base (ACB) as the cost basis method when calculating taxes. Please see our FAQ for more details on the ACB method. 
Tax-Free Crypto Transactions
 Crypto purchases with fiat money (e.g. CAD --> BTC) are not subject to tax; however, it’s extremely important to keep track of the acquisition cost (including associated fees), as it becomes the cost basis of the crypto and will be used for calculating capital gains/losses for subsequent taxable events (i.e., dispositions/sales).  Generally, transferring crypto between your own accounts is tax-free when the associated fee is in fiat.  However, you may need to pay tax if the associated fee is in crypto as the difference between the FMV of the crypto disposed to settle the fee and its adjusted cost basis may result in capital gain/loss. See additional information on fees below.  A token swap/migration occurs whenever an old coin is exchanged for a new coin (e.g. MCO converting to CRO).  Depending on the specific circumstances related to the exchange, such exchanges may be taxable events and reportable on your tax return, regardless of whether the exchange results in capital gain/loss.  Moreover, if the associated fee is settled in crypto, there may be a difference between the FMV and the adjusted cost basis of the crypto used to settle the fee, which may result in capital gain/loss. See additional information on fees below. 
Tax Rules on other Crypto Transactions
 Sale of  crypto for fiat currency (e.g. BTC --> CAD) is a taxable and reportable event. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis and the associated fees from the proceeds.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for CAD 10,000 on 1 Feb 2020 and then sold 5 ETH for CAD 10,000 on 2 Feb 2021.  Results: Cost basis per coin: CAD 10,000/10 = CAD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: CAD 10,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: CAD 1,000 * 5 = CAD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: CAD 10,000 - 5,000 = CAD 5,000  Yes, exchanges of one crypto for another crypto (e.g. ETH --> CRO) are generally taxable and reportable events. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV (fair market value) of the coins you receive.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for CAD 10,000 and then sold 5 ETH for 1 BTC. The FMV per BTC is CAD 12,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: CAD 10,000/10 = CAD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: CAD 12,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: CAD 1,000 * 5 = CAD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: CAD 12,000 - 5,000 = CAD 7,000  Paying for goods and services with crypto generally results in a taxable event due to the disposition of the crypto. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV (fair market value) of the coins you spend.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for CAD 10,000 and then paid 5 ETH for some services. The FMV per ETH is CAD 2,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: CAD 10,000/10 = CAD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: CAD 2,000 * 5 = CAD 10,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: CAD 1,000 * 5 = CAD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: CAD 10,000 - 5,000 = CAD 5,000  Yes, sending a gift in crypto is generally taxable as it results in the disposition of the crypto. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV (fair market value) of the coins on the date of gifting.  When the crypto is ultimately sold by the recipient of the gift, the proceeds of disposition is the FMV on this date.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for CAD 10,000 and then sent 5 ETH to friends as a gift. The FMV per ETH is CAD 2,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: CAD 10,000/10 = CAD 1,000 per ETH Proceeds: CAD 2,000 * 5 = CAD 10,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: CAD 1,000 * 5 = CAD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: CAD 10,000 - 5,000 = CAD 5,000  Yes, it is generally taxable when you donate crypto to charity, and results in capital gains/losses. Based on the current CRA interpretations, the CRA allows donations of specified capital assets without recognition of the capital gain to a qualified donee (e.g. registered charities in Canada). Still, cryptocurrency is not included in the list of specified assets. The capital gains/losses can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the coins on the date of donation, less the amount or benefit received or receivable from the charity.  In order to qualify for a donation credit in Canada, a charitable donation receipt must be issued by the receiving organization, with adherence to the appropriate CRA requirements: the receiving organization must generally be a registered Canadian charity. This receipt should be reported on Schedule 9 - Donation and Gifts and attached to your individual Canadian income tax return (T1).  Example: You bought 1 BTC for CAD 10,000 and then donated 1 BTC to a charity. The FMV per BTC is CAD 20,000.  Results: Capital gain/loss: CAD 20,000 - 10,000 = CAD 10,000  Note: CAD20,000 may be tax deductible and should be reported as a donation. 
Receiving cryptocurrency other than direct purchase or transfer
 Crypto mining is generally not taxable at the time of receipt. However, you may be subject to Capital Gains Tax when the mined coins are disposed (i.e. sold). The capital gain/loss is calculated by subtracting the zero cost basis from the FMV of the crypto on the date of disposition.  If the crypto is considered to be a capital asset (i.e. mining as a hobby), the mining expenses (e.g. start-up cost, home office expenses) cannot be taken as a deduction to the resulting capital gain/loss.  Example: You received 10 ETH from mining and then sold 5 ETH for 1 BTC. The FMV per BTC is CAD 12,000.  Results: Cost basis per coin: 0 per ETH (i.e. zero cost basis) Proceeds: CAD 12,000 Capital gain/loss: CAD 12,000  Hard fork takes place when there is a split on the new crypto that you currently hold. Similar to mining, the new coins/tokens may be subject to Capital Gains Tax at dispositions and have a zero-cost basis. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  In addition, in a soft fork that does not create a new coin, you would not be deemed to have received any income.  Airdrops are basically some free coins you received from a marketing campaign or events.  In general, you will not be subject to Income Tax when you receive new coins from airdrops. However, they are subject to Capital Gains Tax at dispositions. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  You can get crypto rewards in several ways, e.g. stake/earn rewards and bonus, referral bonus.  In general, the reward income is not taxable at the time of receipt. However, it is subject to Capital Gains Tax when you dispose of the crypto rewards. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  Receiving a crypto gift is not taxable at the time of receipt. The rationale is that the individual gifting the crypto would have been responsible for addressing taxation issues for the crypto on the date they disposed of the crypto.  However, the received coins may be subject to capital gains/losses at dispositions. The cost basis of the received coins is the FMV on the date of receipt. The capital gain/loss is calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the crypto on the date of disposition.  Example: You received 10 ETH from friends as a gift and the FMV per ETH is CAD 1,000.  You then sold 5 ETH for 1 BTC and the FMV per BTC is CAD 12,000.  Results: Proceeds: CAD 12,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: CAD 1,000 * 5 = CAD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: CAD 12,000 - 5,000 = CAD 7,000  If you receive a crypto payment as a form of compensation, it may be considered as your employment income.  The FMV of received coins would be treated as part of your taxable employment income for that year and would be reportable on Ithe ncome Tax and Benefit Return (T1) from the Statement of Remuneration Paid (T4).  If you do not receive your T4 statement from your employer, you should consult your tax professional about what to do.  Each individual is responsible for calculating and reporting income on their Canadian tax return even if the payor (e.g., employer) has not supplied appropriate documentation.  It is your responsibility to consult a tax professional to ensure you have fulfilled your tax obligations.  The FMV of the crypto received as compensation will be your cost basis for such crypto assets in the event of a  future disposition.  Example: You received 10 ETH as salary where the FMV per ETH is CAD 1,000. You then sold 5 ETH for 1 BTC where the FMV per BTC is CAD 12,000.  Results: Proceeds: CAD 12,000 Total cost basis for 5 ETH: CAD 1,000 * 5 = CAD 5,000 Capital gain/loss: CAD 12,000 - 5,000 = CAD 7,000  Note: CAD 10,000 (10 ETH @ FMV of CAD 1,000 each) should be reported as income from wages/salaries at the time of receipt.  Note: In general, on the Crypto.com platform, you can only get rebates from certain credit card and staking transactions (as of the time of this article’s publication).  Please see the Crypto.com terms and conditions for eligibility criteria and other details on rebates.  In cases of rebates associated with spending transactions (e.g., credit card spends), rebates (including any received in the form of crypto coin/token) generally are not taxable at the time of receipt. However, like other cryptos, they are subject to capital gains/losses at disposition. The cost basis of the received coin/token is equal to the FMV at the time of receipt. The calculation of capital gains/losses is the same as mining.  Example: You received 0.1 ETH from rebates where FMV per ETH is CAD 10,000. You then sold 0.1 ETH for CAD 1,200.  Results: Cost basis per coin: CAD 10,000 per ETH Proceeds: CAD 1,200 Total cost basis for 0.1 ETH: CAD 10,000 * 0.1 = CAD 1,000 Capital gain/loss: CAD 1,200 - 1,000 = CAD 200 
How are the transaction costs on blockchain being taxed?
 You may incur expenses when a blockchain transaction is approved/failed/canceled. For example, when a gas fee is charged due to a failed blockchain transaction.  These transaction costs may be subject to capital gains/losses. The capital gains/losses, where applicable, can be calculated by subtracting the cost basis from the FMV of the coins charged.  Example: You bought 2 ETH for CAD 2,000 and 0.1 ETH is charged due to a failed blockchain transaction where the FMV per ETH is CAD 1,500.  Results: Cost basis per coin: CAD 2,000/2 = CAD 1,000 Proceeds (due to disposition of 0.1 ETH to cover the gas fee): CAD 1,500 * 0.1 = CAD 150 Total cost basis for 0.1 ETH: CAD 1,000 * 0.1 = CAD 100 Capital gain/loss: CAD 150 - 100 = CAD 50 
How is margin trading of crypto taxed?
 Margin trading of crypto would generally incur capital gain/loss in the following cases: Closing the position Payment of margin interest with crypto The forced sale of your collateral by exchanges (i.e. a margin call) Crypto.com Tax does not support margin trading transactions at this moment. Please consult your tax advisor if you’re actively involved in margin trading. 
What are transaction fees in crypto transactions?
 Fees can show up in all kinds of cryptocurrency transactions and are often the most cryptic part when calculating taxes. The tax treatment of fees depends on whether the fees are incurred in taxable or non-taxable transactions. You may also need to consider if the transaction fee is paid in cryptocurrency. 
How is the transaction fee taxed in non-taxable events?
 Typically in a non-taxable event (e.g. buying/transferring/swapping crypto), the FMV of the fee will be added to the cost basis of the resulting coins. Thus, in this example, the transaction fees you pay upon purchase will be considered as part of the cost basis if and when a disposition eventually happens and will reduce the capital gain.  Example 1: Buying crypto You bought 10 ETH for CAD 10,000, with a purchase fee of CAD 100.  Results: Cost basis per coin: CAD (10,000 + 100) / 10 = CAD 1,010 per ETH  Example 2: Transferring crypto You bought 10 ETH for CAD 10,000 in account A. You then transferred 5 ETH from account A to account B, with a transfer fee of CAD 50.  Results: Cost basis per coin in account A: CAD 10,000 / 10 = CAD 1,000 per ETH Cost basis per coin in account B: CAD (1,000 * 5 + 50 ) / 5 = CAD 1,010 per ETH 
How are transaction fees taxed in taxable events?
 In a taxable event (e.g. selling/trading crypto), the FMV of the fee is generally considered to be an expense, which is typically deducted from the proceeds when calculating capital gain/loss.  Example: You bought 10 ETH for CAD 10,000. You then sold 5 ETH for CAD 10,000, with a selling fee of CAD 100.  Results: Proceeds: CAD 10,000 Cost basis per coin: CAD 10,000/10 = CAD 1,000 per ETH Total cost basis for 5 ETH: CAD 1,000 * 5 = CAD 5,000 Total expense: CAD 100 Net Proceeds: CAD 10,000 - 100 = CAD 9,900 Capital gain/loss: CAD 9,900 - 5,000 = CAD 4,900 
What if the transaction fee is in cryptocurrency?
 When the transaction fee is in crypto, it should be valued at FMV and would generally separately result in a capital gain/loss as it would be deemed a disposition of capital property. Therefore, in taxable events, your transaction may result in 2 separate reportable capital gains/losses, each of which should be separately listed in your transaction records.  For non-taxable events, you would just need to calculate the capital gain/loss from the fee and the FMV of the fee will be added to the resulting coin's adjusted cost basis.  Example 1: Transferring crypto You bought 10 ETH for CAD 10,000 in account A. You then transferred 5 ETH from account A to account B, with a transfer fee of 0.1 ETH. Assume the ETH price has gone up to CAD 2,000 on the day of transfer.  Results: Cost basis per coin in account A: CAD 10,000/10 = CAD 1,000 per ETH Cost basis per coin in account B: CAD (1,000 * 5 + 2,000 * 0.1)/5 = CAD 1,040 per ETH Capital gain/loss from the fee = CAD (2,000 - 1,000) * 0.1 = CAD 100  Example 2: Selling crypto You bought 10 ETH for CAD 10,000 and then sold 5 ETH for CAD 10,000, with a selling fee of 0.1 ETH. We know the ETH price is CAD 2,000 on the day of sale.  Results: Proceeds: CAD 10,000 Cost basis per coin: CAD 10,000/10 = CAD 1,000 per ETH Total cost basis for 5 ETH: CAD 1,000 * 5 = CAD 5,000 Total expense: CAD 2,000 * 0.1 = CAD 200 Net Proceeds: CAD 10,000 - 200 = CAD 9,800 Capital gain/loss on transaction: CAD 9,800 - 5,000 = CAD 4,800 Capital gain/loss on fee: CAD (2,000 - 1,000) * 0.1 = CAD 100 Total capital gain/loss: CAD 4,800 + 100 = CAD 4,900 
Other Tax Considerations
 It is important to keep track of your crypto transactions as well as the market value of the crypto at critical junctures throughout these activities. The CRA provides general guidance that a taxpayer should keep records for at least 6 years to substantiate their tax positions. The CRA may ask for supporting documents other than official receipts, such as canceled checks/bank statements. It is also suggested to keep a copy of your tax return and related notice of assessment/reassessment.  If you are a Crypto.com Tax user, it's easy to keep proper records of your crypto activities by simply syncing your wallets/exchanges or importing your transactions on Crypto.com Tax.  The Superficial Loss Rule may disallow a loss from the disposition (i.e. capital losses) if you purchase a crypto asset within 30 days before or after a sale. This is to prevent individuals from taking advantage of timing and temporary losses. The rule applies when the below 2 conditions are met:  You (or a person affiliated with you) buy or have a right to buy, the same or identical property (called "substituted property") during the period starting 30 calendar days before the sale and ending 30 calendar days after the sale. You (or a person affiliated with you) still own or have a right to buy, the substituted property 30 calendar days after the sale. Crypto.com Tax will display a warning message in the interface for all the transactions that potentially meet the superficial loss rule. Please consult your tax professional and adjust the transactions at your own discretion.  The CRA requires you to file the Foreign Income Verification Statement (T1135) if you own more than CAD100,000 of “specified foreign property” in aggregate during the year. Some of the cryptocurrencies may fall into the list of “foreign property”, depending on where it is located and not necessarily in the country represented by the fiat currency. Please consult your tax professional and determine whether you need to fill out the form.
What are NFTs?
 NFT stands for a non-fungible token, which represents unique, irreplaceable assets that live on the blockchain. In-game assets, digital art, and collectible-related projects are the most prominent NFT use cases today.  In contrast, fungible assets have units that are interchangeable with one another, such as bitcoin or the dollar bill. 
What can I find on Crypto.com NFT?
 You can find highly-curated NFTs from some of the most popular and well-regarded creators and brands in our drops – time-based events where such exclusive pieces of content are initially released to the public.  Furthermore, you can also browse and purchase curated NFTs that were previously dropped, as well as a variety of other NFTs created by users in our open marketplace. 
How do I sign up for Crypto.com NFT?
 For users with a Crypto.com App account, simply complete the sign-up / login with one simple scan from your Crypto.com App. (This and the following steps are only applicable to the US currently. We are working to include other regions, stay tuned!) Click the “Sign Up” / “Sign In”  button within the navigation bar to go to the Crypto.com NFT onboarding page   Go to Settings in the Crypto.com App and Click on the QR Code icon   Scan the QR code displayed on the Crypto.com NFT onboarding page. If this is your first time scanning this QR code, you will need to allow the Crypto.com App to access your camera and accept the NFT Terms & Conditions   Click “Authorize” on the Crypto.com App and enter your passcode Click the “Sign up” button in the top right corner of the homepage, or use the link here. To create an account, all you need is to enter your email address and set up your password. You are required to verify your email address and phone number, provide your full name and set up a username to complete your registration. 
Why do I need to verify my account?
 Verifying your account will allow users to gain full access to Crypto.com NFT features, including buying and selling NFTs, applying to become a creator and self-minting NFTs on our platform, etc. 
How do I verify my account?
 There are two ways to verify your account. We recommend you to sign-up for a Crypto.com App account / activate your existing Crypto.com App account, but if you don’t have a Crypto.com App account, you can still verify with your phone number.  Download the Crypto.com App (Click here) Sign-up for / Login to your Crypto.com App with your email address registered on Crypto.com NFT Verify your email and phone number as instructed in the App Provide identity proof to complete the full registration process in the App Once the KYC process for your Crypto.com App account has passed, it will be activated, and your associated NFT account will automatically be verified *Your Crypto.com App account email must match your NFT account email  Go to Edit Profile under Settings Scroll down to the Phone Number section, choose your country code from the drop-down menu, enter your mobile phone number, and click “Save” Input the 8-digit verification code sent to your phone and Submit Note that phone verification only allows for limited access to Crypto.com NFT features. For full access to our platform, you are required to have an active Crypto.com App account. You can sign up for the Crypto.com App account using the link here, and activate the account by completing the verification in the app.  Here are lists of features enabled by each of the two verification methods: Features With an activated Crypto.com App Account Phone verification Buy and sell ☑️ ☑️ Make offers/bids in auctions ☑️ ☑️ Payout NFT balance to the Crypto.com App ☑️ - Use the NFT account balance for payment ☑️ - Apply to become a creator ☑️ -
What are the rules for a Crypto.com NFT username?
 The username which you choose must not be: harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing any intellectual property right or invasive of personal privacy rights. By creating an account on Crypto.com NFT, you agree that we maintain the full rights and discretion to change your username. 
Can I sign up with my existing Crypto.com account?
 We are working to integrate Crypto.com NFT and the Crypto.com App, which will allow existing App users to access the NFT platform without registering a separate account. Stay tuned! 
How can I become a creator on Crypto.com NFT?
 We’re building a global canvas for your creative vision—let’s have a conversation about what you want to bring to life as an NFT. Please get in touch with us and we will guide you through the requirements and give you all the information you need to become a creator. 
How do I change languages?
 Crypto.com NFT supports the following languages: Bahasa Indonesia Dansk English Español Français 한국어 हिन्दी Italiano Magyar Polski Português Русский Română Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe 繁體中文  In order to select your preferred language on Crypto.com NFT: If you are accessing via a desktop browser, directly click the language displayed on the right of the navigation menu.  If you are accessing via a mobile device, click the hamburger icon on the left to first open up the navigation menu. Then, click the language displayed at the bottom of the navigation menu.  For example, click "English".   Upon clicking the language, you should see a modal with all the supported languages. Click on the desired language from the menu.   The interface should now be in the language of your choice.
Are any Geo-Restrictions applied to Crypto.com NFT?
 Yes. Citizens located in, under the jurisdiction of, or that are nationals or residents of any of the following countries, states and/or jurisdictions are restricted from using the Crypto.com NFT Platform: Afghanistan Bangladesh Bolivia Burma Burundi Central African Republic China Democratic Republic of Congo Cuba Ecuador Eritrea Guinea Guinea-Bissau Iran Iraq North Korea Kyrgyzstan Lebanon Liberia Libya Mali Namibia Nepal Russia Somalia Sudan Syria Ukraine - Crimea Region Ukraine - Donetsk Region Ukraine - Kherson Region Ukraine - Luhansk/Lugansk Region Ukraine - Zaporizhzhia Region Venezuela Yemen Zimbabwe
I need some help. How can I contact support?
 Most of your questions relating to Crypto.com NFT can be found in this FAQ.  You can also reach out to us at [email protected].
What are NFTs?
 NFT stands for ‘non-fungible token’, which represents unique, irreplaceable assets that live on the blockchain. In-game assets, digital art, and collectible-related projects are the most prominent NFT use cases today.  In contrast, fungible assets have units that are interchangeable with one another, such as a Bitcoin or dollar bill. 
How do I access NFTs in the Crypto.com App?
 You can start the exciting journey of discovering the NFT assets available on Crypto.com NFT by tapping the Crypto.com NFT banner on the Crypto.com App home screen. 
Which Crypto.com NFT features can I access in the Crypto.com App?
 Once your Crypto.com App and Crypto.com NFT accounts are connected, you’ll be able to access the features below: Buy and sell NFTs ☑️ Make an offer / Place a bid ☑️ Request a payout of your NFT balance to the Crypto.com App * ☑️ Use your Crypto.com App account to make payments ** ☑️ Apply to become a creator and mint your own NFTs ☑️ Cross-chain NFT withdrawals (e.g. Ethereum) Coming soon Note: * Based on the refund currency selected in your Crypto.com App Settings, with USDC being the default ** CRO, BTC, ETH, USDT, USDC, TUSD, TGBP, and FIL Wallet 
How do I connect my Crypto.com NFT and Crypto.com App accounts?
 Follow the simple steps below to connect your accounts:  1. Existing Crypto.com NFT users On the Crypto.com App home screen, tap Crypto.com NFT > Connect existing account Enter your Crypto.com NFT password Input the verification code that was sent to your inbox and tap Confirm Connection 2. New Crypto.com NFT users On the Crypto.com App home screen, tap Crypto.com NFT > Get Started Enter a username and password for your Crypto.com NFT account Tap Confirm to create and connect your Crypto.com NFT account  You can also watch this step-by-step video guide: https://youtu.be/Qc2i65ehdHg 
Why is my Crypto.com NFT username being rejected?
 Please note that usernames must not be harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing any intellectual property rights, or invasive of personal privacy rights.  By creating an account on Crypto.com NFT, you agree that Crypto.com reserves the full rights and discretion to reject usernames that are not in accordance with the guidelines above. 
How do I make a purchase?
 After connecting your Crypto.com NFT account to the Crypto.com App, you’ll be able to use the available balance in your Crypto Wallet to purchase the NFTs you love.  Here’s a step-by-step video guide: https://youtu.be/yrnyatGHvDM  You can check out using your CRO, BTC, ETH, USDT, USDC, TUSD, TGBP, and FIL Wallet, with more payment options to come. To view your transaction history, go to Account > Transaction History from the top left hand corner of the App screen. 
How are sales items priced?
 Sellers can select one of two pricing models when they list an NFT for sale:  Fixed Price Model The seller sets a fixed price for the item. The buyer purchases the item at its fixed price. Auction Model*  1. The seller puts an item up for auction by inputting the end date and the minimum bid amount. 2. The buyer places a bid, which has to be higher than the previous highest bid by 5% or USD 10, whichever is higher. Please note the highest bidder cannot cancel his/her bid. 3. Sellers can choose to end the auction earlier by a) canceling the auction, and the current top bidder gets a refund, or b) terminating the auction early, and the current top bidder wins the bid**. When the auction ends, the current top bidder wins the bid. If it ends without any bids, the item goes back to the ‘Not for sale’ status.  * Each edition can have a standalone auction, meaning that a collectible with 100 editions can at most have 100 auctions happening simultaneously. ** Auctions cannot be canceled or terminated by sellers within 24 hours prior to the expiration time. 
Why was my purchase refunded?
 Refunds occur when you get outbid in an auction or when you paid for an NFT/pack in a drop but failed to receive it. How the funds are returned depends on the initial payment method.  In the case you are outbid, the funds will be refunded to your Crypto.com App account, and the currency is based on the refund currency selected in your Crypto.com App Settings, with USDC being the default.  In the case of an order failure, where you paid for an NFT/pack during a drop but failed to receive it, the amount held up for the purchase will be released back to your Crypto.com App account.  Please note that all refunds will be subject to the exchange rate at the time of the refund in cases where the paid currency is different from the refund currency. 
Geolocation
 Crypto.com NFT is accessible via the Crypto.com App in the following geolocations: American Samoa Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Australia Austria Bahamas, The Bahrain Barbados Belarus Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Croati Cyprus Czech Republic Curaçao Denmark Dominican Republic Egypt El Salvador Estonia Faroe Islands Finland Fiji French Guiana French Polynesia France Germany Greece Greenland Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Jordan Kenya Korea, South Kuwait Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia (North Macedonia) Malaysia Malta Martinique Mexico Monaco Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nigeria Norway Oman Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saudi Arabia Serbia Seychelles Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St Pierre & Miquelon Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turks & Caicos Islands Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States US Virgin Islands Uruguay Vietnam  
Further information
 You can refer to the following articles for further information regards to Crypto.com NFT Buying and Selling - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5074395-buying-and-selling On-Chain Transactions - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5074397-on-chain-transactions Offers - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5588866-offers NFT Creation - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5588880-nft-creation NFT Deposit - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5959020-nft-deposit NFT Withdrawal (Ethereum Withdrawal is not supported) - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5959030-nft-withdrawal Setting up 2-Factor Authentication for Crypto.com NFT - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/6006282-setting-up-your-crypto-com-nft-2fa Setting up your Anti-Phishing code for Crypto.com NFT - https://help.crypto.com/en/articles/5846320-anti-phishing-code
How can I buy a sales item?
 You can purchase items that are available in primary sales (including ‘drops’) or secondary sales. Pay with a credit/debit card, your account balance, or with Crypto.com Pay - via the Crypto.com App or using a wallet that supports ERC20 tokens (e.g. Metamask, WalletConnect).  If you have accumulated some account balance, you can use it to make purchases once you have your Crypto.com App account activated (KYC required). For more information on the Crypto.com App, please refer here.  Please note that you must have the same email address for Crypto.com NFT and Crypto.com App. If you use different email addresses, we recommend you to change the email address on the App. You can click the gear icon located in the top left of the App homepage and then click into your profile to change your email address.  If you would like to use Crypto.com Pay, please click the ‘Crypto.com Pay’ button on the payment method page to proceed to checkout. You will then see a pop-up page with various wallet options. Once you have chosen your preferred wallet, please scan a pop-up QR code and/or follow the on-screen instructions to connect your wallet and complete the payment. Please visit our FAQ for more details. 
Is there any credit/debit card purchase limit?
 We have different weekly limits for credit/debit card purchases depending on whether you buy directly from drops or from the marketplace.  Drop purchases: $10,000 weekly card limit Marketplace purchases: $500 weekly card limit if your account is verified through SMS $1,000 weekly card limit if you have an activated Crypto.com App account (KYC required) $10,000 weekly card limit if you have an activated Crypto.com App account (KYC required) that is staking CRO and/or holds a Ruby Steel Crypto.com Visa Card (or higher card tier)
What is the queue system?
 We have implemented a queueing system for limited-time drops in order to ensure stable performance and improve your purchase experience.  60 minutes before the drop starts, you will be taken into a waiting room with other users looking to purchase the drop.  10 minutes before the drop starts, people in the waiting room will be taken to the queue where queue numbers get assigned randomly before the beginning of the event. Once you are redirected to the drop event page, you can start the purchase process.  Those of you who join the queue after the numbers are assigned (i.e. later than 10 minutes before the drop begins) will be directly assigned a number at the back of the queue.  When you are in the queue, please do not close the queue page. You will lose your spot in the queue if you leave this page. Please make sure you join the queue with only one tab. Don’t try joining the queue from multiple tabs or devices. 
What currencies does Crypto.com NFT support for payment?
 For payments with a credit/debit card, please check with your card issuer on the supported currencies.  For payments with Crypto.com Pay, please refer to our FAQ for a full list of supported currencies on Crypto.com Pay. 
How are sales items priced?
 Sellers can select one of 2 pricing models when they list a collectible for sale:  Fixed price model The seller sets a fixed price for the item. The buyer purchases the item at its fixed price. Auction model* The seller puts an item up for auction by inputting the end date and minimum bid amount. The buyer places a bid, which has to be higher than the previous highest bid by 5% or $10, whichever is higher. Please note the highest bidder cannot cancel his/her bid. Sellers can choose to end the auction earlier by a) canceling the auction, and the current top bidder gets a refund or b) terminating the auction early, and the current top bidder wins the bid**. When the auction ends, the current top bidder wins the bid. If it ends without any bids, the item goes back to "Not for sale" status * Each edition can be a standalone auction, meaning that a collectible with 100 editions can at most have 100 auctions happening simultaneously.  ** Auctions cannot be ended (canceled or terminated early) by sellers within 24 hours prior to the expiration time. 
Are there tools to help me find NFTs most suited for me?
 We offer a variety of filtering and sorting options in our marketplace, collection, and brand pages to find the best NFTs for you.  Filter Options: Option Description Listing Type Filters collectible based on the listing type.  When the “Buy Now” filter is applied, fixed priced collectibles available for purchase are displayed.  When the “Auction” filter is applied, collectibles under auction are displayed. Curation Filters Curated and Non-Curated collectibles.  When the “Curated” filter is applied, whitelisted cross-chain collections and collectibles initially sold from curated drops are displayed.  When the “Non-Curated” filter is applied, collectibles from non-curated creators are displayed. Price Filters collectible by price.  Minimum price takes each collectible’s edition currently listed at the lowest price* and only includes the collectible as part of the filtered results if this figure is above the applied min price.  Maximum price takes each collectible’s edition currently listed at the lowest price* and only includes the collectible as part of the filtered results if this figure is below the applied max price. Collections Filters collectible by collection.  Enter collection name in the search bar and click collection checkbox to apply filter. Chain Filters collectible based on the chain it was natively minted on. Category Filters collectible based on the genre of NFT. Sorting Options: Option Description Most Relevant Sort collectibles based on popularity  Note: Most Relevant sorting only available under Marketplace page Recently Listed Sort collectibles based on its listing time Newest Sort collectibles based on when they were created Price: Low to High Takes the price of each collectible’s edition currently listed at the lowest price* and uses this figure as the basis to sort collectibles (from low to high) Price: High to Low Takes the price of each collectible’s edition currently listed at the lowest price* and uses this figure as the basis to sort collectibles (from high to low) Auction Ending Soon Takes each collectible’s edition currently listed for auction with the soonest end time, and uses this end time as the basis for determining its order amongst other collectibles  Notes: If “Auction Ending Soon” is applied, collectibles with no editions listed for auction will not be part of the filtered results Please note that even if “Auction Ending Soon” is applied, when clicking into a collectible, you will still be directed to the edition of that collectible listed for the lowest price, rather than the edition listed for auction that is ending the soonest  Most Likes Sort collectibles based on its number of likes Most Views Sort collectibles based on its number of views * Takes into account both auction and fixed price listings. For editions listed for auction, the value of its current bid (or “starting bid”, if the edition has no bids yet) is considered 
What is a ‘drop’?
 A ‘drop’ is a limited-time event, where you can purchase items directly from creators you like. We will publish our drop schedule regularly on our official social media channels. Registered users can also subscribe to email newsletters on upcoming drops. 
Are there any fees for making purchases?
 Buyers do not pay additional fees for making purchases. Simply select the NFT you like and pay the exact amount of the listed price.  For secondary sales, if you are the seller, a 1.99% processing fee will be deducted from the total purchase amount to cover the operational costs of the platform.  In addition, royalties will be deducted and shared with the creator of the item. The exact amount of royalties (as a percentage of the total purchase amount) is decided by the creator. 
How do royalties work?
 Royalties are paid to the creator whenever their work is sold on the secondary market, allowing them to be recognized and compensated for their work.  When the creator puts an item up for sale, they can specify how much royalties to charge as a percentage of the listed price for each secondary sale. For example, if you set a 10% royalty, then you will get $500 when your work is sold on the secondary market for $5,000.  Note that royalties are fixed at 10% for resales of collectibles created directly by creators through the platform. 
How do I withdraw my balance?
 Click your account name in the top right corner and select ‘Account Activity’ to view your balance. You can then withdraw your balance to your associated Crypto.com App account (KYC required). Withdrawals to the Crypto.com App account are in USDC.  For more information on Crypto.com App, please refer here.  Please note that you must have the same email address for Crypto.com NFT and Crypto.com App to connect the two. If you use different email addresses, we recommend you to change the email address on the App. You could click the gear icon located in the top left of the App homepage and then click into your profile to change your email address. 
Are there any considerations to be aware of when buying non-curated collectibles from non-curated creators?
 You may buy non-curated items from non-curated creators as per usual.  However, please note that these items may not be pre-screened by Crypto.com and face the risk of being a prohibited sale item, as stated in our Sale Item Guidelines. This means that the item could be delisted if found to be in violation and that all transactions relating to such items shall be final and no refund shall be due. These items shall also be prohibited from withdrawal for a period of 30 days from the date the non-curated user receives minting privileges.  When you attempt to purchase such items, you are asked to click a checkbox to acknowledge these considerations and that you have done your research into the origin of the items.  It is always suggested to research the creator and the item to make sure you are purchasing an NFT made by an established creator producing original works. 
Refunds
 Refunds occur when you get outbid in an auction or when you paid for a collectible/pack in a drop but failed to get assigned one. How the funds are returned works differently depending on the initial method of payment. In the case of outbid:  If you used your NFT account balance, the money held up for the bid will be released back to your account. If you paid via the Crypto.com App, the funds will return back to your App wallet, and the currency is based on the refund currency inside your Crypto.com App settings, with USDC being the default. If you paid using an external wallet (i.e. Metamask), you will receive an email with a link to claim the refund, where you can choose to deposit the funds back to your Crypto.com App or to an external wallet. Claiming the refund this way may incur a processing fee. If you paid using credit/debit card, the pre-authorised payment will be voided*. Please allow for up to 1 week for the funds to be released.  *For auctions, users can only place bids with credit/debit card if the auction is ending within 96 hours.  In the case of an order failure, where you paid for a collectible/pack in a drop but failed to get assigned one: If you used your NFT account balance, the money held up for the purchase will be released back to your account balance. If you paid via the Crypto.com App, the amount held up for the purchase will be released back to your App account wallet. If you paid using an external wallet, you will receive an email with a link to claim the funds. Claiming the refund this way may incur a processing fee. Please note that all refunds will be subject to the exchange rate at the time of refund in cases where the paid currency is different from the refund currency. 
What’s a verified creator or collection?
 To help users identify genuine creators and collections, blue checkmark badges are added to indicate that Crypto.com NFT has verified their authenticity. 
Can I get my user account or collection verified?
 Account and collection verification is currently reviewed and approved by internal staff only. A collection verification application process will be made available in the near future.
Which blockchain is supported?
 All transactions relating to sales items on Crypto.com NFT will be recorded on the Crypto.org Chain. We are exploring compatibility with other blockchains, such as  Ethereum.  Please note that the Crypto.org Chain is a separate chain from Cronos. For more details regarding the 2 chains, please refer to their corresponding websites: Crypto.org Chain: https://crypto.org/ Cronos: https://cronos.crypto.org/
What kind of transaction information is recorded on-chain?
 You can view the ownership transfer record on the Crypto.org Chain. Each item on Crypto.com NFT is assigned a unique serial number. Whenever there is a change of ownership (i.e. when a successful purchase takes place), the unique user ID of the current owner and the item’s serial number will be recorded on the blockchain. 
Are on-chain deposits or withdrawals of NFTs available?
 We have fully enabled NFT deposits and withdrawals on 14 July, 2021. Please refer to our blog post. Please note that not all NFTs support on-chain deposits or withdrawals, and we recommend you check each NFT’s listing page for more information. 
What NFTs am I able to deposit into Crypto.com NFT?
 We currently only support deposits of NFTs that were originally minted through the Crypto.com NFT site. Attempts to deposit externally-minted NFTs which did not originate from Crypto.com NFT may result in its permanent loss.
From which other marketplaces does Crypto.com NFT fetch listings?
 Currently we fetch fixed-price listings of selected Ethereum collections from OpenSea, LooksRare and Minted, and selected Cronos collections from Minted.  # Collection Contract Address 1 VeeFriends Series 2 0x9378368ba6b85c1fba5b131b530f5f5bedf21a18 2 Kaiju Kingz 0x0c2E57EFddbA8c768147D1fdF9176a0A6EBd5d83 3 BEANZ Official 0x306b1ea3ecdf94ab739f1910bbda052ed4a9f949 4 mfers 0x79fcdef22feed20eddacbb2587640e45491b757f 5 CrypToadz by GREMPLIN 0x1CB1A5e65610AEFF2551A50f76a87a7d3fB649C6 6 The Sandbox 0x50f5474724e0Ee42D9a4e711ccFB275809Fd6d4a 0x5CC5B05a8A13E3fBDB0BB9FcCd98D38e50F90c38 7 CyberBrokers 0x892848074ddea461a15f337250da3ce55580ca85 8 Otherdeed for Otherside 0x34d85c9cdeb23fa97cb08333b511ac86e1c4e258 9 Invisible Friends 0x59468516a8259058bad1ca5f8f4bff190d30e066 10 NFT Worlds 0xbd4455da5929d5639ee098abfaa3241e9ae111af 11 Cool Cats NFT 0x1A92f7381B9F03921564a437210bB9396471050C 12 World of Women 0xe785E82358879F061BC3dcAC6f0444462D4b5330 13 Meebits 0x7Bd29408f11D2bFC23c34f18275bBf23bB716Bc7 14 Bored Ape Kennel Club 0xba30E5F9Bb24caa003E9f2f0497Ad287FDF95623 15 VeeFriends 0xa3AEe8BcE55BEeA1951EF834b99f3Ac60d1ABeeB 16 Azuki 0xed5af388653567af2f388e6224dc7c4b3241c544 17 CloneX- X TAKASHI MURAKAMI 0x49cF6f5d44E70224e2E23fDcdd2C053F30aDA28B 18 Doodles 0x8a90CAb2b38dba80c64b7734e58Ee1dB38B8992e 19 Mutant Ape Yacht Club 0x60E4d786628Fea6478F785A6d7e704777c86a7c6 20 Moonbirds 0x23581767a106ae21c074b2276d25e5c3e136a68b 21 Bored Ape Yacht Club 0xBC4CA0EdA7647A8aB7C2061c2E118A18a936f13D 22 Chimpers 0x80336Ad7A747236ef41F47ed2C7641828a480BAA 23 We Are All Going to Die 0x659A4BdaAaCc62d2bd9Cb18225D9C89b5B697A5A 24 Boki 0x248139aFB8d3A2e16154FbE4Fb528A3a214fd8E7 25 Moonbirds Oddities 0x1792a96E5668ad7C167ab804a100ce42395Ce54D 26 goblintown.wtf 0xbCe3781ae7Ca1a5e050Bd9C4c77369867eBc307e 27 The Saudis 0xe21ebcd28d37a67757b9bc7b290f4c4928a430b1 28 Pudgy Penguins 0xBd3531dA5CF5857e7CfAA92426877b022e612cf8 29 Lazy Lions 0x8943C7bAC1914C9A7ABa750Bf2B6B09Fd21037E0 30 Sneaky Vampire Syndicate 0x219B8aB790dECC32444a6600971c7C3718252539 31 MoonCats 0xc3f733ca98E0daD0386979Eb96fb1722A1A05E69 0xc2287a3184e1920cd3417ecc37b3a2d7739b00ac 32 SupDucks 0x3Fe1a4c1481c8351E91B64D5c398b159dE07cbc5 33 Deadfellaz 0x2acAb3DEa77832C09420663b0E1cB386031bA17B 34 Mekaverse 0x9a534628b4062e123ce7ee2222ec20b86e16ca8f 35 "MOAR" by Joan Cornella 0xeb3a9a839dfeeaf71db1b4ed6a8ae0ccb171b227 36 World of Women Galaxy 0xf61f24c2d93bf2de187546b14425bf631f28d6dc 37 IlluminatiNFT by Truth Labs 0x26BAdF693F2b103B021c670c852262b379bBBE8A 38 Akumu Dragonz 0xC1ad47aeb274157E24A5f01B5857830aeF962843 39 mcgoblin.wtf 0xc5B52253f5225835cc81C52cdb3d6A22bc3B0c93 40 Damien Hirst - The Currency 0xaaDc2D4261199ce24A4B0a57370c4FCf43BB60aa 41 WZRDS 0xe5E771bC685c5a89710131919C616c361ff001c6 42 Fancy Bears Metaverse 0x87084ec881d5A15C918057F326790dB177D218F2 43 KILLABEARS 0xc99c679C50033Bbc5321EB88752E89a93e9e83C5 44 The Possessed 0x3A2096754Df385553C4252E5A82DC862e64169Bb 45 IO: Imaginary Ones 0x716F29B8972D551294d9E02B3eb0fC1107FbF4aA 46 Rumble Kong League 0xef0182dc0574cd5874494a120750fd222fdb909a 47 Impostors Genesis Aliens 0x3110ef5f612208724ca51f5761a69081809f03b7 48 Art blocks 0xa7d8d9ef8D8Ce8992Df33D8b8CF4Aebabd5bD270 0x059EDD72Cd353dF5106D2B9cC5ab83a52287aC3a 49 CyberKongz 0x57a204AA1042f6E66DD7730813f4024114d74f37 50 CyberKongz VX 0x7EA3Cca10668B8346aeC0bf1844A49e995527c8B 51 Bulls and Apes Project - Genesis 0x2Cf6BE9AaC1c7630d5A23af88c28275C70eb8819 52 My Pet Hooligan 0x09233d553058c2F42ba751C87816a8E9FaE7Ef10 53 Bored & Dangerous 0xBA627f3d081cc97ac0eDc40591eda7053AC63532 54 Jenkins the Valet 0x880644ddF208E471C6f2230d31f9027578FA6FcC 55 The Potatoz 0x39ee2c7b3cb80254225884ca001F57118C8f21B6 56 YOLO HOLIDAY 0xb5643598496b159263c67Bd0D25728713f5aAd04 57 Nina's Super Cool World 0x670d4dd2e6badfbbd372d0d37e06cd2852754a04 58 Factura by Mathias Isaksen 0x27787755137863bb7f2387ed34942543c9f24efe 59 Loot (for Adventurers) 0xFF9C1b15B16263C61d017ee9F65C50e4AE0113D7 60 0N1 Force 0x3bf2922f4520a8BA0c2eFC3D2a1539678DaD5e9D 61 FLUF World 0xCcc441ac31f02cD96C153DB6fd5Fe0a2F4e6A68d 62 FameLadySquad 0xf3E6DbBE461C6fa492CeA7Cb1f5C5eA660EB1B47 63 Coolman's Universe 0xa5c0bd78d1667c13bfb403e2a3336871396713c5 64 Ethlizards 0x16de9D750F4AC24226154C40980Ef83d4D3fD4AD 65 rektguy 0xB852c6b5892256C264Cc2C888eA462189154D8d7 66 The Art of Seasons 0x5bd815Fd6c096bAB38B4C6553cfce3585194dff9 67 Nickelodeon: Rugrats & Hey Arnold! (ETH) 0x223E16c52436CAb2cA9FE37087C79986a288FFFA 68 Isekai Meta 0x684e4ed51d350b4d76a3a07864df572d24e6dc4c 69 NFTiff 0xe8f88d16f24255fcfab25959705d724406d67d9d 70 [ Ledger ] Market Pass - Genesis Edition 0x33c6eec1723b12c46732f7ab41398de45641fa42 71 Grails II Mint Pass 0x2c3fc1d826bc12027d05fbe3aeace0a2453bf9fd 72 The MV3 Universe 0x2a48420d75777af4c99970c0ed3c25effd1c08be 73 The GODA Mint Pass 0x0a36f2178c0db2c85471c45334a1dd17d130fd42 74 Rare Apepe YC 0x31d45de84fde2fb36575085e05754a4932dd5170 75 Onigiri Pepes 0xd6f75a20aa64634743d40fafa88473020302c530 76 Murakami.Flowers Official 0x7d8820fa92eb1584636f4f5b8515b5476b75171a 77 PREMINT Collector Pass - OFFICIAL 0xe0176ba60efddb29cac5b15338c9962daee9de0c 78 CryptoNinja Partners 0x845a007d9f283614f403a24e3eb3455f720559ca 79 Sappy Seals 0x364c828ee171616a39897688a831c2499ad972ec 80 Grails by PROOF 0xb6329bd2741c4e5e91e26c4e653db643e74b2b19    81 PROOF Collective 0x08d7c0242953446436f34b4c78fe9da38c73668d 82 RENGA Black Box 0x64ad353bc90a04361c4810ae7b3701f3beb48d7e 83 Creepz Genesis 0xfe8c6d19365453d26af321d0e8c910428c23873f 84 BBRC - IVY BOYS 0x809d8f2b12454fc07408d2479cf6dc701ecd5a9f 85 grumpls 0x529574D1aFfef7Cf347cDd02B91eFd2C00bb773b 86 MetaSamurai - OFFICIAL 0x79f1C4cF7266746698E91034d658E56913E6644f 87 YOU THE REAL MVP 0x6efc003d3f3658383f06185503340c2cf27a57b6 88 RENGA 0x394E3d3044fC89fCDd966D3cb35Ac0B32B0Cda91 89 The Stoics by Gabe Weis 0x12632d6e11c6bbc0c53f3e281ea675e5899a5df5 90 50 Years of Atari 0x9231f13343f871b051fa5002e8c04beed91b4f62 91 Haunted Space Genesis Pass Official 0xcc98265cd2e662965eee82a6f71cd1550a427beb 92 Kitaro World Official 0x7df64f69544c5bf71171dc5ab69b8602c2ff1e27 93 NFTrees 0xeaa4c58427c184413b04db47889b28b5c98ebb7b 94 Gangster All Star Evolution 0xa9ba1a433ec326bca975aef9a1641b42717197e7 95 QQL Mint Pass 0xc73b17179bf0c59cd5860bb25247d1d1092c1088 96 Amber Vittoria's Artwork 0x31237F02F9b7Ffc22Ea7a9D9649520C0833D16F4 97 Genuine Undead 0x209e639a0ec166ac7a1a4ba41968fa967db30221 98 Autoglyphs 0xd4e4078ca3495de5b1d4db434bebc5a986197782 99 Pixelmon - Generation 1 0x32973908faee0bf825a343000fe412ebe56f802a 100 AngryCat - official 0xdcf68c8ebb18df1419c7dff17ed33505faf8a20c 101 poobsnft 0x0bf3cf7960ad8827c75d821f4b3353af8d4fbca4 102 Castaways - The Raft 0x6af88a2b51d37dd80b59cda3aaac55ee34c6ea07 103 Lumens by Vibes + Logic 0x49adcc97404c197190a5866885018c558006974a 104 Probably A Label 0x2c89a52a7156a3fb0bf416d5231b68748e4c283c 105 Castaways - The Islands 0x51946231074a627487ee3173a9a35b8aaee5a80a # Collection Contract Address 1 Mad Meerkat 0x89dBC8Bd9a6037Cbd6EC66C4bF4189c9747B1C56 2 Mad Meerkat Treehouse 0xDC5bBDb4A4b051BDB85B959eB3cBD1c8C0d0c105 3 Mad Meerkat Degen 0xA19bFcE9BaF34b92923b71D487db9D0D051a88F8 4 Flaming Phenix Club 0xCf185Cb08c62Ff969D258FBA18F92dabb278A8A9 5 Boomer Squad 0xb650279e3d726B0c75C984cAA55341cB87A7F501 6 VVS miner mole 0x06596eD89aC4609DE47A21aF7E36b38b2dF57C26 7 Argonauts 0xa996aD2b9f240F78b063E47F552037658c4563d1 8 Cronos Cruisers 0xd25358e2cad3e1fd165887569892a99fffa674ac 9 Cronos World Tour 0xa284Fd10bD87Abd780bCf61c0c3c4Ab002E00eaE 10 Cronos Chimp Club 0x562f021423d75a1636db5be1c4d99bc005ccebfe 11 CroSkull 0xF87A517A5CaecaA03d7cCa770789BdB61e09e05F 12 Weird Apes Club (V2)0x0b289dEa4DCb07b8932436C2BA78bA09Fbd34C44 13 CRO CROW 0xe4ab77ed89528d90e6bcf0e1ac99c58da24e79d5 14 CROMMY 0xDD50C0055938f9706d9474D364fdC46880C4c9a5 15 Baby Weird Apes 0x89F7114C73d5cef7d7EDCbDb14DaA092EB2194c9 16 EvoSkull 0xbf4E430cD0ce8b93d4760958fe4ae66cDaCDB6c6 17 D.G.Pals Limited and Special Edition 0xa072bB6F648a4271ba9CbaF1319Fc373eF907f29 18 CRO Homes 0x59b554B12B80cAc8629Bf541a2D6359639AF2A63 19 Boomer Squad - Boom Rooms 0x8dd9975c78423480a6188f55b0767fbf4478b001 20 Cronos ID 0xf884647Dfa84696d9373F36eE413CCc48093F924
Why should I buy listings from OpenSea or LooksRare on Crypto.com NFT and not directly on the marketplaces?
 You can manage and trade all your NFTs in one Crypto.com NFT account. No need to create or connect any non-custodial wallets such as MetaMask to the Crypto.com NFT platform. You can save gas fees if you list and sell the same NFT to another Crypto.com NFT platform user in the future. Transactions are all paid and settled in USD.
Do I need to connect a non-custodial wallet to Crypto.com NFT to purchase listings sourced from other marketplaces?
 Users do not need to connect any non-custodial wallets such as MetaMask. Users can use all 3 types of payment methods offered on Crypto.com NFT to purchase listings from other marketplaces, just like any other Crypto.com NFT purchase: Account balance Credit/debit card Crypto.com Pay For a guide on making payments, you can refer to buying and selling. 
Where and when will I see the NFT after purchasing from a cross-market listing?
 After you complete payment, the system will attempt to confirm and process the purchase and deposit the NFT into your Crypto.com NFT account directly. If the system secures the NFT, the NFT will appear in your account in a few minutes. Please note that processing time may vary depending on network usage. If the system fails to secure the NFT, you will be refunded the full payment back to your original payment method: If you used your NFT account balance, the money held up for the purchase will be released back to your account. If you paid via the Crypto.com App, the funds will be returned back to your App wallet; the currency is based on the refund currency inside your Crypto.com App settings, with USDC as the default. If you paid using credit/debit card, the pre-authorised payment will be voided. Please allow up to 1 week for the funds to be released by your bank.
Will I be able to withdraw the NFT after I purchase?
 Users can withdraw the NFT to its origin network (e.g., Ethereum) or Crypto.org Chain.  For details on how to withdraw your NFTs, you can refer to NFT Withdrawal.
What is the make offer function?
 Interested buyers of a specific edition of a collectible are able to make offers to the edition’s owner in hopes of purchasing the NFT at their desired price.  You can make offers on collectibles that are listed at fixed prices in the marketplace, and on those owned by other users but not listed for sale. 
How do I make an offer?
 Click on the collectible you’re interested in Go to “Select Edition” to see all editions of that collectible After selecting the edition you wish to purchase, click “Make an Offer”* Input the amount you would like to purchase the collectible for If your offer is accepted by the owner, you will be notified by email - in which case, you will have 48 hours to make the payment for your offer to complete the purchase. If you fail to pay within 48 hours, your offer expires. Please note that you can make no more than 10 offers per day.  *You cannot make offers for collectibles that are currently listed for auction, or withdrawn from the Crypto.com NFT platform. 
How do I view and respond to offers made to my collectibles?
 You can view both the offers you made and received by going to “Account Activity”. Click “Offers” and choose between “Offers Made” and “Offers Received”. You can cancel offers you made before it’s accepted, and accept or reject offers you receive.  An email will also be sent to the buyer when an offer is accepted, and payment can be done through the private link provided in the email. 
What happens when my offer is accepted?
 Once your offer is accepted, you will be notified through email, where you will have a 48-hour window to pay by clicking on the link provided in the email. You can also go to the “Offers Made” tab within “Account Activity” and click “Pay Now” on the accepted offer. Note that an accepted offer expires if you do not pay within the 48-hour window.  You can pay in three ways, just like how you would purchase a drop or buy a collectible in the marketplace: Account balance Credit/debit card Crypto.com Pay For a guide on making payments, you can refer to buying and selling Once the payment is complete, the edition is yours! 
Why is my offer canceled?
 Offers are automatically canceled when the edition of the collectible is sold to another user or when the edition is withdrawn out of the Crypto.com NFT platform. 
Why am I blocked from making an offer?
 Users are blocked from making offers for 30 days if they accumulate 3 unpaid accepted offers. 
How do I find out about offers made to my collectibles?
 If you get at least one offer on a particular day, you will receive an email that day with a summary of the offers you received. 
How come I can’t accept an offer for one of my collectibles?
 To avoid duplicate payments from multiple buyers, owners of a collectible can only accept 1 offer for each edition they own at any given point in time. If you have already accepted an offer, you will have to wait for that accepted offer to be paid, or expire after 48 hours. Once expired, you can then accept another offer. 
How do I avoid being flooded with low offers?
 Collectible owners can set a minimum offer amount on each edition of their NFTs to prevent other users from making offers lower than the owner’s expected price range.  To set a minimum offer amount on an NFT you own, follow the steps below: Go to the listing page of the edition you own Click on the “More options” menu (i.e. three dots) on the right-hand side of the listing page Click “Set minimum offer” and input the minimum offer amount you would consider selling your collectible for Click “Confirm” Once confirmed, other users would only be able to make offers equal or greater than the minimum offer price you set. 
How do I become a creator?
 Users can mint and sell NFTs in the Marketplace through a simple creator application process. Just head to Crypto.com/NFT and click “Create” on the navigation bar to be directed to the application page. Make sure to let us know of your journey as a creator and give concrete examples of your past experience, as well as the types of NFTs you wish to create on our platform.  If approved, you will be notified through email. Please note that we do not guarantee a response to your application, we will only respond to successful candidates.  At the moment, We do not allow for appeals if your application is rejected, but we will enable users to reapply in the future. 
How do I create an NFT?
 Once approved as a creator, you can mint collectibles on our platform. Begin by clicking on the “Create” Button on the navigation bar, and providing all the required details.  You can select any of the chains among Ethereum, Polygon, Cronos and Crypto.org Chain to mint your NFT(s).  You can create up to 50 collectibles per week. For Crypto.org Chain collectibles, you can mint up to 10 editions per collectible. For the other chains, you can only mint 1 edition per collectible.  Once created, your collectible will be viewable immediately, and made available for listing once minted. Note that minting time may vary depending on network usage. 
What formats are supported?
 We currently support JPEG, JPG, PNG, GIF, WEBP. MP4 support will be added soon. We also have a maximum file size of 60MB per collectible. 
How do I list my NFT for sale?
 You can list your freshly minted collectible for sale like how you would sell other collectibles you purchased. For details on how to post your collectible for sale please refer to buying and selling. 
Is there a charge for minting my own NFT?
 Each collectible costs a base $3 fee to mint through our self-creation flow. For NFTs minted on Ethereum, Polygon and Cronos, an additional amount may be charged on top of the $3 base self-mint fee to cover the gas we incur on the corresponding chain to carry out the minting on chain. The fee will only be charged once per request, regardless of the actual number of attempts involved to achieve a successful mint of the NFT. 
Is there a charge for listing my own NFT after minting?
 There is a 1.99% primary listing fee that is charged when your self-minted NFT is sold for the first time. 
How do royalties work?
 Royalties for resales of collectibles created directly by creators through the platform are fixed at 10% for creators and are only charged for transactions occurring on the Crypto.com NFT platform. 
Why am I unable to request a payout from my NFT account and/or unable to withdraw the NFTs I created as a new creator?
 For new creators, there is a 30-day freeze period for two items as below. Upon your first NFT mint, your entire NFT account balance payout will be frozen for 30 days your self-minted NFTs will also be frozen from withdrawals for 30 days For example, if you minted your first NFT on 1 April, your payout is frozen for 30 days and this NFT is frozen from withdrawal for 30 days. On 2 April, you then minted your second NFT, this NFT is frozen from withdrawals for 29 days. 
What happens if I create NFTs which may violate the NFT Terms & Conditions and/or Sale Item Guidelines?
 As a creator, you must acknowledge and accept the terms and conditions before minting. For details, please refer to the ​​Crypto.com NFT Platform Terms and Conditions and the Crypto.com NFT Platform Sale Item Guidelines to ensure you understand prohibited items.  Please note that if your NFTs are reported to be prohibited items, the NFTs will be delisted and you will be notified by email.  There is a 2-strike repeated offender policy to suspend minting rights. For first-time offenders, this will be a warning email. However, for second-time offenders, this will be a notification email to inform them that their minting right is permanently suspended.
What is an NFT’s rarity?
 An NFT's rarity refers to how uncommon it is relative to other NFTs in the same collection. The concept of rarity is most commonly found in collectible or generative art-type NFT projects and is often used to determine the value of a specific NFT within a collection. 
Where does Crypto.com NFT get an NFT’s rarity?
 There are currently three sources Crypto.com NFT uses to get an NFT’s rarity: Crypto.com NFT’s own rarity scoring algorithm Rarity Sniper Creator’s official ranking  For more details on how Crypto.com NFT’s own rarity scoring algorithm works, please refer to the next question “How Does Crypto.com NFT calculate a collectible’s rarity?”.  Rarity Sniper is one of the most popular tools today for providing rarity scores on top NFT collections. Currently, Rarity Sniper supports rarity scoring for over 1,000 NFT collections across various blockchains, including Cronos, Ethereum, Polygon and Solana. If a collection available on the Crypto.com NFT marketplace is scored by Rarity Sniper, we will use the rankings provided by Rarity Sniper over the ones calculated by our own algorithm.  For certain collections on Crypto.com NFT, the official rankings are directly provided by the curated creators and applied to the relevant collections. 
How does Crypto.com NFT calculate a collectible’s rarity?
 When a ranking’s source is “Crypto.com”, this means that it is calculated by Crypto.com NFT’s own rarity scoring algorithm. An NFT collectible may have a specific set of properties (e.g. body, background, outfit, etc...). To calculate an NFT's overall rarity ranking within its collection, we use an algorithm that first calculates the rarity score for each of the properties the NFT holds. The fewer other NFTs within a collection holding a certain property, the higher its rarity score.  Once the rarity score of each property is calculated, these are summed up to determine the NFT’s overall rarity score.  Rarity ranks are then assigned to each NFT in a collection based on the descending order of their overall rarity scores. The higher an NFT's overall rarity score, the higher its position in the overall ranking.  Please note that the rarity ranks calculated by Crypto.com NFT’s internal system are not official rankings and may therefore differ from the rankings published officially by the collection’s own team. They may also differ from the rankings published across different NFT platforms and rarity ranking tools, since different statistical approaches may be adopted by different tools. 
How do I find an NFT’s rarity rank?
 For NFTs that are part of a collection eligible for rarity scoring, their rarity ranking is displayed directly on their card and NFT details page.  By hovering over the rarity rank chip, a tooltip will appear to indicate the source of the rarity score. In the following example, the source is Crypto.com NFT’s internal system.  In the following example, the source is Rarity Sniper.  In the following example, the source is a creator’s official ranking. 
Why do some collections on Crypto.com NFT not have rarity scoring?
 Some collections on the Crypto.com NFT platform may not have rarity scoring as not all collections support it. Rarity scoring is usually a concept which pertains to certain generative or collectible-based NFT collections where trait-level rarity is relevant.
What is a price alert?
 Price alerts allow you to track the price of specific collections and collectibles. It will trigger to send you a notification when the target price you specified on the collection or collectible is hit. 
Where and how can I create price alerts?
 We currently support creating price alerts on a specific collectible or an entire collection.  Collection Alert A collection price alert tracks the floor price of a specific collection. You may create a collection-level price alert on any of the collection pages or watchlist page.  Collectible Alert A collectible price alert tracks the listing price of a specific collectible (Note: for multi-edition collectibles, the alert tracks the listing price of all editions). You may create a collectible price alert on any of the NFT detail pages, by clicking on the alert icon. 
What can I configure when creating a price alert?
 When creating a price alert, you can create 2 types of alerts, based on the selected collection or NFT.  When you are creating a collection alert, you can choose one of the following and provide a target price level: Drop Below Type A notification will be triggered when: the floor price of the collection drops below or equal to the target price level Rise Above Type A notification will be triggered when: the floor price of the collection rises above or equal to the target price level When you are creating a collectible alert, you can choose the following and provide a target price level: Drop Below Type A notification will be triggered when: the listing price of the collectible drops below or equal to the target price level You can also define the frequency of receiving notifications from the price alerts you set up, with 3 options available: Once only: A notification will be sent once only, and the price alert will become disabled after being triggered for the first time. Once per day: A notification will be sent when the target price is hit for the first time in a day. If the alert is triggered again during the same day, notifications will not be sent for subsequent triggers. Every time: A notification will be sent whenever the target price is hit. No maximum limit on the number of notifications to be sent for the same price alert.
What is a watchlist?
 Adding collections to the watchlist allows you to create your own list of collections to follow and track easily. 
Where can I add a collection to my watchlist?
 To add a collection to your watchlist, go to any collection page and click the Add to watchlist button.    Additionally, you can also add collections to your watchlist from the Top Collections or Price Alerts pages. 
How do I access my watchlist?
 You can access your watchlist using 1 of 2 ways: Open your profile icon dropdown menu and click Watchlist From the Top Collections page, click on the Watchlist tab
Which NFTs am I able to deposit into Crypto.com NFT?
 We currently support deposits from the networks below:  1. Native NFTs Crypto.org Chain 2. Cross-Chain NFTs Ethereum (see whitelist) Polygon (see whitelist) Cronos (see whitelist) Solana (see whitelist) Crypto.org Chain We only support NFTs originally minted on Crypto.com NFT. Attempts to deposit other Crypto.org Chain NFTs would result in their permanent loss.  External Chains Only whitelisted collections from external chains are supported. You may check the contract addresses of our supported cross-chain NFT collections below: Ethereum (see whitelist) Polygon (see whitelist) Cronos (see whitelist) Solana (see whitelist)
How do I deposit NFTs into Crypto.com NFT?
 1. Click on “Deposit NFT” in “My NFTs”  2. Select “Crypto.org Chain” in the dropdown and transfer your Crypto.org NFT to the displayed wallet address (Note: Do not enter the address manually. Either copy the displayed wallet address and paste it into your external wallet or scan the displayed QR code in your external wallet when carrying out the transfer)  3. Once a deposit is complete and confirmed on-chain, you will receive a confirmation email  1. Click on “Deposit NFT” in “My NFTs” 2. Select “Ethereum” in the dropdown and transfer your Ethereum NFT to the displayed wallet address (Note: Do not enter the address manually. Either copy displayed wallet address and paste it into your external wallet, or scan the displayed QR code in your external wallet when carrying out the transfer) 3. Once a deposit is complete and confirmed on-chain, you will receive a confirmation email Note: Please ensure the contract address of the cross-chain NFT you are depositing is in our list of whitelisted collections. Depositing tokens from non-whitelisted collections would result in the permanent loss of those tokens.  *You will need to connect your NFT account to your Crypto.com App account to deposit NFTs from external networks  For more information on depositing from external chains, check out our video tutorial on How to deposit Ethereum NFTs to Crypto.com NFT. Please follow the same procedure for other chains by selecting the correct deposit chain in the drop down menu. If users deposit any NFT, token or coin from a non-whitelisted collection, it will be deemed lost forever.  Crypto.com NFT uses a wrapping mechanism for Ethereum NFT deposits. When an external NFT from a whitelisted collection is deposited into the Crypto.com NFT platform, the original NFT is locked up, and a wrapped version of the NFT is minted on the Crypto.org Chain. All subsequent trades occurring on our platform triggers on-chain transactions with the wrapped Crypto.org Chain NFT.  Note: Users will not be able to verify ownership of their cross-chain NFTs currently deposited to their Crypto.com NFT account on the origin chain. This means that users will not be able to activate any utilities that require them to hold the NFT in a non-custodial wallet (for which they own the private key). Any airdrops or utilities received while the NFT is deposited to Crypto.com NFT will not be redeemable.  To ensure you are buying genuine whitelisted collection NFTs deposited from an external network, all of these elements must be present on the listing page of the NFT: The origin blockchain should be specified (e.g. Ethereum) The collection name displayed is from a whitelisted collection Chain explorer details are discoverable from the NFT’s origin chain (e.g. Etherscan) You may complete and submit this form. We will then verify accordingly. If the submitted information is complete and verified, we will further contact you to complete the payout setup process. If otherwise, you may not be notified. Additional details are available in the form.
Which Ethereum NFTs am I able to deposit into Crypto.com NFT?
 Crypto.com NFT only supports deposits for selected whitelisted NFT collections from Ethereum. You may check the supported contract addresses below. Please stay tuned to our Twitter or our announcement channel on Discord for the latest updates. # Collection Contract Address 1 Art Blocks (Curated) Art Blocks (Playground) Art Blocks (Factory) 0xa7d8d9ef8D8Ce8992Df33D8b8CF4Aebabd5bD270 0x059EDD72Cd353dF5106D2B9cC5ab83a52287aC3a 2 Bored Ape Yacht Club 0xBC4CA0EdA7647A8aB7C2061c2E118A18a936f13D 3 Mutant Ape Yacht Club 0x60E4d786628Fea6478F785A6d7e704777c86a7c6 4 The Sandbox 0x50f5474724e0Ee42D9a4e711ccFB275809Fd6d4a  0x5CC5B05a8A13E3fBDB0BB9FcCd98D38e50F90c38 5 Loot (for Adventurers) 0xFF9C1b15B16263C61d017ee9F65C50e4AE0113D7 6 Meebits 0x7Bd29408f11D2bFC23c34f18275bBf23bB716Bc7 7 Cool Cats NFT 0x1A92f7381B9F03921564a437210bB9396471050C 8 CrypToadz by GREMPLIN 0x1CB1A5e65610AEFF2551A50f76a87a7d3fB649C6 9 CloneX- X TAKASHI MURAKAMI 0x49cF6f5d44E70224e2E23fDcdd2C053F30aDA28B 10 Doodles 0x8a90CAb2b38dba80c64b7734e58Ee1dB38B8992e 11 0N1 Force 0x3bf2922f4520a8BA0c2eFC3D2a1539678DaD5e9D 12 Bored Ape Kennel Club 0xba30E5F9Bb24caa003E9f2f0497Ad287FDF95623 13 CyberKongz 0x57a204AA1042f6E66DD7730813f4024114d74f37 14 Pudgy Penguins 0xBd3531dA5CF5857e7CfAA92426877b022e612cf8 15 VeeFriends 0xa3AEe8BcE55BEeA1951EF834b99f3Ac60d1ABeeB 16 Creature World 0xc92cedDfb8dd984A89fb494c376f9A48b999aAFc 17 LOSTPOETS 0x4b3406a41399c7FD2BA65cbC93697Ad9E7eA61e5 18 World of Women 0xe785E82358879F061BC3dcAC6f0444462D4b5330 19 The Doge Pound 0xF4ee95274741437636e748DdAc70818B4ED7d043 20 Hashmasks 0xC2C747E0F7004F9E8817Db2ca4997657a7746928 21 Wolf Game - Migrated Wolves & Sheep: 0x7F36182DeE28c45dE6072a34D29855BaE76DBe2f Farmer: 0xBDa2481db91fc0F942eD3F53De378Ba45ba9d17E Genesis Land: 0x2C88aA0956bC9813505d73575f653F69ADa60923 Wool Pouch: 0xb76FBBB30e31F2c3BDaA2466CfB1CfE39b220D06 22 VOX Collectibles 0xad9Fd7cB4fC7A0fBCE08d64068f60CbDE22Ed34C 23 Lazy Lions 0x8943C7bAC1914C9A7ABa750Bf2B6B09Fd21037E0 24 CyberKongz VX 0x7EA3Cca10668B8346aeC0bf1844A49e995527c8B 25 Sneaky Vampire Syndicate 0x219B8aB790dECC32444a6600971c7C3718252539 26 FLUF World 0xCcc441ac31f02cD96C153DB6fd5Fe0a2F4e6A68d 27 Kaiju Kingz 0x0c2E57EFddbA8c768147D1fdF9176a0A6EBd5d83 28 MoonCats 0xc3f733ca98E0daD0386979Eb96fb1722A1A05E69 0xc2287a3184e1920cd3417ecc37b3a2d7739b00ac 29 SupDucks 0x3Fe1a4c1481c8351E91B64D5c398b159dE07cbc5 30 Deadfellaz 0x2acAb3DEa77832C09420663b0E1cB386031bA17B 31 FameLadySquad 0xf3E6DbBE461C6fa492CeA7Cb1f5C5eA660EB1B47 32 iNFT Personality Pod by Alethea AI 0xDd70AF84BA86F29bf437756B655110D134b5651C 33 Mines of Dalarnia Mining Apes Collection 0x8E74eC33406FCA20c1be7b2A6c4135FC7CfAc9E8 34 Worldwide Webb Land 0xA1D4657e0E6507D5a94d06DA93E94dC7C8c44b51 35 Azuki 0xed5af388653567af2f388e6224dc7c4b3241c544 36 Invisible Friends 0x59468516a8259058bad1ca5f8f4bff190d30e066 37 NFT Worlds 0xbd4455da5929d5639ee098abfaa3241e9ae111af 38 Mekaverse 0x9a534628b4062e123ce7ee2222ec20b86e16ca8f 39 Karafuru 0xd2f668a8461d6761115daf8aeb3cdf5f40c532c6 40 Chibi Dinos 0xe12edaab53023c75473a5a011bdb729ee73545e8 41 3Landers 0xb4d06d46a8285f4ec79fd294f78a881799d8ced9 42 CyberBrokers 0x892848074ddea461a15f337250da3ce55580ca85 43 Coolman's Universe 0xa5c0bd78d1667c13bfb403e2a3336871396713c5 44 mfers 0x79fcdef22feed20eddacbb2587640e45491b757f 45 Generative Dungeon 0x18487d2cac946c7fe800855c4039aac210f68baa 46 Mavia Land 0x4a537f61ef574153664c0dbc8c8f4b900cacbe5d 47 Brian NFTs by Braindom 0x7ad922413739ebd7f1cb8fdcf74e6936dcec9e51 48 PhantaBear 0x67d9417c9c3c250f61a83c7e8658dac487b56b09 49 Moonbirds 0x23581767a106ae21c074b2276d25e5c3e136a68b 50 BEANZ Official 0x306b1ea3ecdf94ab739f1910bbda052ed4a9f949 51 VeeFriends Series 2 0x9378368ba6b85c1fba5b131b530f5f5bedf21a18 52 "MOAR" by Joan Cornella 0xeb3a9a839dfeeaf71db1b4ed6a8ae0ccb171b227 53 World of Women Galaxy 0xf61f24c2d93bf2de187546b14425bf631f28d6dc 54 Akuma Origins 0xfa7e3f898c80e31a3aedeae8b0c713a3f9666264 55 Otherdeed for Otherside 0x34d85c9cdeb23fa97cb08333b511ac86e1c4e258 56 Cool Pets NFT 0x86c10d10eca1fca9daf87a279abccabe0063f247 57 Ethlizards 0x16de9D750F4AC24226154C40980Ef83d4D3fD4AD 58 Goblintown.wtf 0xbCe3781ae7Ca1a5e050Bd9C4c77369867eBc307e 59 Chimpers 0x80336Ad7A747236ef41F47ed2C7641828a480BAA 60 Boki 0x248139aFB8d3A2e16154FbE4Fb528A3a214fd8E7 61 rektguy 0xB852c6b5892256C264Cc2C888eA462189154D8d7 62 Moonbirds Oddities 0x1792a96E5668ad7C167ab804a100ce42395Ce54D 63 Cheers UP Period 0xa5Bb28eecC6134F89745E34ec6aB5d5Bcb16dAD7 64 We Are All Going to Die 0x659A4BdaAaCc62d2bd9Cb18225D9C89b5B697A5A 65 IlluminatiNFT by Truth Labs 0x26BAdF693F2b103B021c670c852262b379bBBE8A 66 AINightbirds 0x64b6b4142d4D78E49D53430C1d3939F2317f9085 67 Akumu Dragonz 0xC1ad47aeb274157E24A5f01B5857830aeF962843 68 Begin as Nothing 0x8b634B2ae70E338865BF9741b4ae935adf2b4C55 69 mcgoblin.wtf 0xc5B52253f5225835cc81C52cdb3d6A22bc3B0c93 70 The Art of Seasons 0x5bd815Fd6c096bAB38B4C6553cfce3585194dff9 71 Damien Hirst - The Currency 0xaaDc2D4261199ce24A4B0a57370c4FCf43BB60aa 72 The Saudis 0xe21ebcd28d37a67757b9bc7b290f4c4928a430b1 73 WZRDS 0xe5E771bC685c5a89710131919C616c361ff001c6 74 Fancy Bears Metaverse 0x87084ec881d5A15C918057F326790dB177D218F2 75 KILLABEARS 0xc99c679C50033Bbc5321EB88752E89a93e9e83C5 76 The Possessed 0x3A2096754Df385553C4252E5A82DC862e64169Bb 77 IO: Imaginary Ones 0x716F29B8972D551294d9E02B3eb0fC1107FbF4aA 78 Rumble Kong League 0xef0182dc0574cd5874494a120750fd222fdb909a 79 Bulls and Apes Project - Genesis 0x2Cf6BE9AaC1c7630d5A23af88c28275C70eb8819 80 Impostors Genesis Aliens 0x3110ef5f612208724ca51f5761a69081809f03b7 81 Wolf Game - Farmer 0xBDa2481db91fc0F942eD3F53De378Ba45ba9d17E 82 Nouns 0x9C8fF314C9Bc7F6e59A9d9225Fb22946427eDC03 83 My Pet Hooligan 0x09233d553058c2F42ba751C87816a8E9FaE7Ef10 84 Nickelodeon: Rugrats & Hey Arnold! (ETH) 0x223E16c52436CAb2cA9FE37087C79986a288FFFA 85 Bored & Dangerous 0xBA627f3d081cc97ac0eDc40591eda7053AC63532 86 Jenkins the Valet 0x880644ddF208E471C6f2230d31f9027578FA6FcC 87 The Potatoz 0x39ee2c7b3cb80254225884ca001F57118C8f21B6 88 YOLO HOLIDAY 0xb5643598496b159263c67Bd0D25728713f5aAd04 89 Nina's Super Cool World 0x670d4dd2e6badfbbd372d0d37e06cd2852754a04 90 Factura by Mathias Isaksen 0x27787755137863bb7f2387ed34942543c9f24efe 91 Isekai Meta 0x684e4ed51d350b4d76a3a07864df572d24e6dc4c 92 NFTiff 0xe8f88d16f24255fcfab25959705d724406d67d9d 93 [ Ledger ] Market Pass - Genesis Edition 0x33c6eec1723b12c46732f7ab41398de45641fa42 94 Grails II Mint Pass 0x2c3fc1d826bc12027d05fbe3aeace0a2453bf9fd 95 The MV3 Universe 0x2a48420d75777af4c99970c0ed3c25effd1c08be 96 The GODA Mint Pass 0x0a36f2178c0db2c85471c45334a1dd17d130fd42 97 Rare Apepe YC 0x31d45de84fde2fb36575085e05754a4932dd5170 98 Onigiri Pepes 0xd6f75a20aa64634743d40fafa88473020302c530 99 Lil Pudgys 0x524cab2ec69124574082676e6f654a18df49a048 100 MetaHero Universe: Generative Identities 0x6dc6001535e15b9def7b0f6a20a2111dfa9454e2 101 Murakami.Flowers Official 0x7d8820fa92eb1584636f4f5b8515b5476b75171a 102 PREMINT Collector Pass - OFFICIAL 0xe0176ba60efddb29cac5b15338c9962daee9de0c 103 Kaiju Legends 0x49EE64Bc2b365E1e1Aad0e4f31Bd46B3806ab325 104 CryptoNinja Partners 0x845a007d9f283614f403a24e3eb3455f720559ca 105 Webaverse Genesis Pass 0x543d43f390b7d681513045e8a85707438c463d80 106 Sappy Seals 0x364c828ee171616a39897688a831c2499ad972ec 107 Grails by PROOF 0xb6329bd2741c4e5e91e26c4e653db643e74b2b19 108 PROOF Collective 0x08d7c0242953446436f34b4c78fe9da38c73668d 109 Hello Kitty and Friends World (ETH) 0xfe290336a7fb1d5fdccde1c4ffeb714ab6892bc2 110 Creepz Genesis 0xfe8c6d19365453d26af321d0e8c910428c23873f 111 BBRC - IVY BOYS 0x809d8f2b12454fc07408d2479cf6dc701ecd5a9f 112 grumpls 0x529574D1aFfef7Cf347cDd02B91eFd2C00bb773b 113 MetaSamurai - OFFICIAL 0x79f1C4cF7266746698E91034d658E56913E6644f 114 YOU THE REAL MVP 0x6efc003d3f3658383f06185503340c2cf27a57b6 115 RENGA 0x394E3d3044fC89fCDd966D3cb35Ac0B32B0Cda91 116 The Stoics by Gabe Weis 0x12632d6e11c6bbc0c53f3e281ea675e5899a5df5 117 50 Years of Atari 0x9231f13343f871b051fa5002e8c04beed91b4f62 118 Haunted Space Genesis Pass Official 0xcc98265cd2e662965eee82a6f71cd1550a427beb 119 Kitaro World Official 0x7df64f69544c5bf71171dc5ab69b8602c2ff1e27 120 NFTrees 0xeaa4c58427c184413b04db47889b28b5c98ebb7b 121 Gangster All Star Evolution 0xa9ba1a433ec326bca975aef9a1641b42717197e7 122 QQL Mint Pass 0xc73b17179bf0c59cd5860bb25247d1d1092c1088 123 Amber Vittoria's Artwork 0x31237F02F9b7Ffc22Ea7a9D9649520C0833D16F4 124 DOPE: Dawn Of the Pixel Empire 0xDc8c9988212Ba573CE74BCC2444042F2F8f39101 125 Lords of the Lands 0x163CcC9719139C2E0b7543738E7F0De67bBA75d5 126 Genuine Undead 0x209e639a0ec166ac7a1a4ba41968fa967db30221 127 Autoglyphs 0xd4e4078ca3495de5b1d4db434bebc5a986197782 128 Pixelmon - Generation 1 0x32973908faee0bf825a343000fe412ebe56f802a 129 AngryCat - official 0xdcf68c8ebb18df1419c7dff17ed33505faf8a20c 130 poobsnft 0x0bf3cf7960ad8827c75d821f4b3353af8d4fbca4 131 Castaways - The Raft 0x6af88a2b51d37dd80b59cda3aaac55ee34c6ea07 132 Lumens by Vibes + Logic 0x49adcc97404c197190a5866885018c558006974a 133 Probably A Label 0x2c89a52a7156a3fb0bf416d5231b68748e4c283c 134 Castaways - The Islands 0x51946231074a627487ee3173a9a35b8aaee5a80a 136 RarePass: Genesis - Collection | OpenSea 0xbbb62c4b8ed027530ce5f6663d1a2aa8a7e8cacf 137 Friendship Bracelets by Alexis André - Collection | OpenSea 0x942bc2d3e7a589fe5bd4a5c6ef9727dfd82f5c8a 138 3D Invisible Friends - Collection | OpenSea 0x49c36afa15c7fdbd57ce3d61d80f39b6615a76ef 139 R Planet - Genesis Collection 0x656d34a8309363302e46de99853f4cef30b85a1d 140 Catharsis by Dario Lanza - Collection | OpenSea 0x66293a9b1339ca99623e82bc71f88d767f60ad21 141 Ninja Squad Official - Collection | OpenSea 0x8c186802b1992f7650ac865d4ca94d55ff3c0d17 142 Valhalla - Collection | OpenSea 0x231d3559aa848Bf10366fB9868590F01d34bF240 143 DEGEN TOONZ COLLECTION - Collection | OpenSea 0x19b86299c21505cdf59cE63740B240A9C822b5E4
How do I claim royalties if I am the original creator/owner of a whitelisted NFT collection?
 You may complete and submit this form. We will then verify accordingly. If the submitted information is complete and verified, we will further contact you to complete the payout setup process. If otherwise, you may not be notified. Additional details are available in the form.
Which Polygon NFTs am I able to deposit into Crypto.com NFT?
 Crypto.com NFT only supports deposits for selected whitelisted NFT collections from Polygon. You may check the supported contract addresses below. Please stay tuned to our Twitter or our announcement channel on Discord for the latest updates.  *MarbleCards 0x35368c20F70766d528AFA8C91b1b47E2735cC7Fc has been removed from our whitelist and is no longer supported. Please do not attempt to deposit any NFTs from this collection.  *Emblem Vault [Polygon] 0x8b8407c6184f1f0Fd1082e83d6A3b8349cAcEd12 has been removed from our whitelist and is no longer supported. Please do not attempt to deposit any NFTs from this collection. # Collection Contract Address 1 Zed Run Legacy 0xa5f1ea7df861952863df2e8d1312f7305dabf215 2 Aavegotchi 0x86935F11C86623deC8a25696E1C19a8659CbF95d 3 Decentral Games ICE Poker ICE Crypto Drip: 0x897243A54B03b46A17b55D5609465e9719a6ffa0 Founding Fathers: 0x09eEAC7Dff0Dc304E25cBb7BDBfAE798488Fc34f ICE Chef: 0xa96f7F2102c27A61e3A660D964e9AA613B68fe6b ICE Joker: 0x451612C0e742E27f2CfB3888AD2813EEC8DD1ba3 ICE Beach Club: 0x49cb83b4C4980029200b6759D5fb7d3b21f10134 ICE Suit: 0xCb06f6aeE0655252a3f6f2884680421D55d3C645 ICE Airlines: 0xc60F0a9df4D42f593b3675755a55e1dE97f82a05 Party Host: 0x4cd15dcd96362cF85E19039C3C2D661e5e43145E ICE Linens: 0xd79cf5A41d8caeC4688E01B4754EA2DA6f51e856 ICE Bomber: 0xD07A56F7198ae6e4e3D6738Bd8c4b81d21bf0403 ICE Poet: 0x5b2d60db65D80593bd5c5D36fCd99717Ef03E850 4 Crypto Unicorns Market 0xdC0479CC5BbA033B3e7De9F178607150B3AbCe1f 5 Chickey Derby 0x8634666bA15AdA4bbC83B9DbF285F73D9e46e4C2 6 DeRace Horses 0x9d77cb4D8371736e2A2b2bfAa677b7841cDc8fC1 7 Ember Sword Land 0xE7e16f2Da731265778f87cB8D7850E31b84b7b86 8 Crypto Unicorns Land Market 0xA2a13cE1824F3916fC84C65e559391fc6674e6e8 9 Crypto Raiders Characters 0xfD12ec7ea4B381a79C78FE8b2248b4c559011ffb 10 The Red Village Champions Mystic: 0x8A57D0CB88E5dEA66383B64669aa98c1ab48f03E Genesis: 0x4055e3503D1221Af4b187CF3B4aa8744332A4d0b 11 Crypto Raiders MOBS 0x2aD64e95EFF639fbd0273BCd4d0eeB72A60C8586 12 Riot Racers Cars 0x82BBf7bE0eB9A6024b7A641bA179e00812bdAE53 13 Artvatars 0xbCCaa7ACb552A2c7eb27C7eb77c2CC99580735b9 14 BillionaireZombiesClub 0x4bca2C2ecE9402b5D4dd031b49d48166C40B7957 15  Ethling 0x8A1AbD2E227Db543F4228045dd0aCF658601fedE 16 FancyBirds 0xAd59EcB77033391E847cC96829b08beb83151088 17 Chinese Zodiac Metaverse by YassartLabs 0x93394dd19544DC4cCA39De69875B1434cEE4D767 18 Firestarter Metaverse Champion 0x50B88955C82A6768a78Ad30b02af345F61ff3986 19 The Martians: Metaverse 0x09aA1A14e572e6fC05F64e541699D3E0361C7F2f 20 adidas for Prada re-source 0x7Dec38e3874ECbc842Cc61E66C1386aca0C0EA1F 21 The Visitors 0x5F6ceAAD29038435A764B59D716717500135a609 22 ZED RUN 0x0a0BF65248805Efa926c39Bf51B6Dd94e3d1A7AF 23 Mr. Crypto by Racksmafia 0x67f4732266c7300cca593c814d46bee72e40659f 24 DEFY Genesis Masks 0xef453154766505feb9dbf0a58e6990fd6eb66969 25 Metagram_NFT 0xfD257dDf743DA7395470Df9a0517a2DFbf66D156 26 DAVA Humanoids 0x29EF3f23ADdd104FdC8d532870Dd9C4086f893E9 27 Citizen Key - Fnatic Nation 0xf81cb9bfea10d94801f3e445d3d818e72e8d1da4 28 Pioneer Key - Fnatic Nation 0xca3A297aA2F6D23A7e344E3C8Eea6397656B8c1D 29 Core Key - Fnatic Nation 0x28F6312a3769aD4286B27c84221e9B5BeaE9EB46 30 Decentral Games ICE Poker 0xda41C9E3808237B4aB8f6ABD6936A828F4225263 31 CryptoGoros 0x6C621364993E5CD4C6468930d287ba76Ef64F366 32 Cryptoys Classics 0xbe71bc476369f88ab80e9d0d65c10894a64422b1 33 Aqua Farm Aree NFT Collection 0xfDe7aCA6ACa283a5578471Ca1000745a6ce8ce81 34 Apeiron Primeval Planets 0x24F9b0837424C62d2247D8A11A6d6139e4ab5eD2 35 Ember Sword Land 0xE7e16f2Da731265778f87cB8D7850E31b84b7b86 36 Chumbi Valley Official 0x5492Ef6aEebA1A3896357359eF039a8B11621b45 37 The LFC Heroes Club 0x4ffA698CA3374fF154E58C8388a3AAfE430Dc2d3 38 Bookers.club 0xfEEE476CFaf56c2f359A63500415d5a2c7F2F2B9 39 Decentraland Wearables (Polygon) 0x66194b1abcBFbeDD83841775404b245C8f9e4183 40 Voxie Tactics Items 0x8f8e18dbebb8ca4fc2bc7e3425fcdfd5264e33e8 41 ZED RUN Skins 0xE91BD2fb48fe10786E29776023Acb782BA8fC0f1 42 ReitLion 0xe6dd0febfd78d6052e49be226a8a098d55d55f67 43 CyberKongz VX 0x05df72d911e52AB122f7d9955728BC96A718782C 44 DeRace Equipment 0x63Cfc24371753e0bF357CB6b23d86C6739cd1C99
How do I claim royalties if I am the original creator/owner of a whitelisted NFT collection?
 You may complete and submit this form. We will then verify accordingly. If the submitted information is complete and verified, we will further contact you to complete the payout setup process. If otherwise, you may not be notified. Additional details are available in the form.
Which Cronos NFTs am I able to deposit into Crypto.com NFT?
 Crypto.com NFT only supports deposits for selected whitelisted NFT collections from Cronos. You may check the supported contract addresses below. Please stay tuned to our Twitter or our announcement channel on Discord for the latest updates. # Collection Contract Address 1 Loaded Lions 0xea1635a0e9344d933df42c0fd494d39bce865dc4 2 Cyber Cubs 0xe3d53fb80c8cda7bb9b7207cb6b186172bd323cf 3 Mad Meerkat 0x89dBC8Bd9a6037Cbd6EC66C4bF4189c9747B1C56 4 Cronos Chimp Club 0x562f021423d75a1636db5be1c4d99bc005ccebfe 5 MM Treehouse 0xDC5bBDb4A4b051BDB85B959eB3cBD1c8C0d0c105 6 CroSkull 0xF87A517A5CaecaA03d7cCa770789BdB61e09e05F 7 Meta Cyborgs 0xd1dd28f2B33bb2f9f23bac71C5221eF5907A738d 8 Marie's Cyborgs 0x2245a6e61dE5661D93183Ab3ADd8924b1DC774db 9 Cronos Primate Business 0x939b90c529F0e3a2C187E1b190Ca966a95881FDe 10 Trooprz 0x51112Bf32B9a1C64716DF2e6b82e63a04Bd384Fd 11 Weird Apes Club (v2) 0x0b289dEa4DCb07b8932436C2BA78bA09Fbd34C44, (v1) 0x7D5f8F9560103E1ad958A6Ca43d49F954055340a 12 Crobots 0x3cDf2f7E9d0f998D4e6eF645dc3a293108F089f3 13 CROugars 0xdCcCEd571dcbC82Bbeadf95Af20ee4442E21208C 14 Nifty Nanas 0x70c6062100b09aF2Ec63345cda372d52423BE4aC 15  CRO King NFT 0xAD4bDA67bB8b6A502496EEF4dFba2ffdBAc38dB6 16 Crxillion 0xE1bAa24525B5f48F9B9df54802E44E85c0D81099 17 CRO CROW 0xe4ab77ed89528d90e6bcf0e1ac99c58da24e79d5 18 Gold Partner 0xF4C80B77AA1F73E09348693a81d744Fcd1263A2D 19 Crosmonauts 0xDFab622fC4E5CE1420F83cf38E52312f33849a0A 20 CROCOSNFT 0x18b73D1f9e2d97057deC3f8D6ea9e30FCADB54D7 21 Reckless Robots 0xD56AFcdB787e233325757D3ED7A987F11FB3fa08 22 Bushicro 0xB8C3257E71E8294134E9B59a498d0BAF0c72C2b0 23 Cronos Football Club 0xd8cdcA552c2419DaeEF7598C9a4C6Ff3526d35AC 24 Super Trooprz 0xea4DF145322ec9dFCE037b062b08083141c6af8f 25 Cronos Bot Society 0x57bB37249fAaC77c404a3CddE08687A20aA7a77D 26 Baby Alien Division 0xB340c91182b9fF831bB36232cB3296eD306c79B2 27 D.G.Pals Genesis I 0xeFc73c41EF829C0B87E3245aCF033b867cCD0F84 28 MAD CROW 0x65AB0251d29c9C473c8d01BFfa2966F891fB1181 29 Mutantz by Troopz 0x96628048830a499b156aBdC04cC169C18c3A17f2 30 Mad Meerkat Degen 0xA19bFcE9BaF34b92923b71D487db9D0D051a88F8 31 Looneycorns 0xEB850b8F7d00B4FaF242888Bef7EfbF229eb1e41 32 Cronos Gorilla Business 0xc843f18d5605654391e7eDBEa250f6838C3e8936 33 MarbleVerse 0xc427e0b2e4C9b79F856391b1EF37fD7ee7457d8D 34 Kardia 0x2ea93ef899a28d6049146b98c7CFCA4C7f541a8d 35 Zombabies 0xD0BD375a43B58Fd8329980898802667a64623F60 36 D.G.P. Unlimited 0x86aabe05e885108a8797314e817488c26f0601a1 37 Chronoswap Founding Member 0x07fA69C6f1249a5934F37b5a9059EC5a0CF5e007 38 CroSkull Red Potions 0x89a1005Fc5175d8B31D3B4784bF202c24B65575B 39 CroSkull Blue Potions 0x89a1005Fc5175d8B31D3B4784bF202c24B65575B 40 The HD: Hyped Dogs 0xD97A5ed8d1f5943085F7eFADC8e46415F5b7deDD 41 Braindead Monkeys 0xda663336FEC3Ef6e310be6522F35E391aAE6F43a 42 Flaming Phenix Club 0xCf185Cb08c62Ff969D258FBA18F92dabb278A8A9 43 Croskull Purple Potions 0xA9448e3e496f75488306195F34e49a7fCE5cbD0c 44 CroSkull Pets 0xB77959DC7a12F7549ACC084Af01259Fc48813c89 45 CrogeNFT 0x210f968ab05b81E7C37D11Eb5AcF855a51F34e5C 46 Undead Space Apes 0x5DA0c6A68e7C348664664F1546B9BaAA493E8C73 47 CROugarX 0x45958Cb5ede8dc9E1a797C1526D4523db1471F15 48 Cronos Fossils 0xbd6b9a1A0477d64E99F660b7b7C205f4604E4Ff3 49 Boomer Squad 0xb650279e3d726B0c75C984cAA55341cB87A7F501 50 The Battle Among Mongoose 0x06EA467b0013C363E97780A1B447BBfeA604ba7e 51 CROMMY 0xDD50C0055938f9706d9474D364fdC46880C4c9a5 52 Baby Weird Apes 0x89F7114C73d5cef7d7EDCbDb14DaA092EB2194c9 53 Carkayous - Feral Fish 0x72af9c869a4759e6d50e9656c0741b395532c3dd 54 Bad Billy Goats 0xd055ECAedD74815DB72458C055Daffdc12e59E41 55 VVS miner mole 0x06596eD89aC4609DE47A21aF7E36b38b2dF57C26 56 Mad Sacks 0x23721073592FB452C556fB9322bA4dF6A6675050 57 EvoSkull 0xbf4E430cD0ce8b93d4760958fe4ae66cDaCDB6c6 58 Alien Apocalypse 0x5628c7a229ff920e3c7aB668107e822Fa84244B4 59 Hidden Fish Founding Member VIP 0x90665eEd780C027CDef63C31C8dFa296aE168E5A 60 The LAB: Crazy Scientists 0xf0B2A653938f0E6A4620A140568D61D97F71978C 61 Cyborg Brotherhood 0xd0062DEb460Eac0cB7cE77C312F8aa58378b6d8a 62 Argonauts 0xa996aD2b9f240F78b063E47F552037658c4563d1 63 D.G.Pals Limited and Special Edition 0xa072bB6F648a4271ba9CbaF1319Fc373eF907f29 64 CRO Homes 0x59b554B12B80cAc8629Bf541a2D6359639AF2A63 65 D.G.Pals Limited Edition 0x500cdf7a96a612BEb9e018035a3E89180a6732fE 66 Cronos ALIENFT 0x39128237ea72040B96D3ea516619A226126ec838 67 Cronos Goats 0x93A3906FF14C9Aa4F33377aE94Cc4A9858D346b9 68 Cronos Cruisers 0xd25358e2cad3e1fd165887569892a99fffa674ac 69 Boomer Squad - Boom Rooms 0xd8cdca552c2419daeef7598c9a4c6ff3526d35ac 70 Cronos World Tour 0xa284Fd10bD87Abd780bCf61c0c3c4Ab002E00eaE 71 Space Crxillions 0xB6782F208ABe10E8962407d139f6698Bfc4FD13F 72 Cronos ID 0xf884647Dfa84696d9373F36eE413CCc48093F924 73 Cronos OG 0x48A81b2120EA832CEcd83f35eC5F84D4c7249B50 74  Cronos Mutant Apes 0x7D89dCC2f35403cFD9B07475826F9a14a340d06A 75 OwnEveryWord 0x3757CcA652E0ea7Bfe1fb2188d5B91E1161Af883 76 Ballies (BalliesNFT) 0xF12B07570804c56B4ce8f63e7121BEC8C7CA1542
How do I claim royalties if I am the original creator/owner of a whitelisted NFT collection?
 You may complete and submit this form. We will then verify accordingly. If the submitted information is complete and verified, we will further contact you to complete the payout setup process. If otherwise, you may not be notified. Additional details are available in the form.
Which Solana NFTs am I able to deposit into Crypto.com NFT?
 Crypto.com NFT only supports deposits for selected whitelisted NFT collections from Solana. You may check the supported addresses below. Please stay tuned to our Twitter or our announcement channel on Discord for the latest updates. # Collection 1 Solana Monkey Business 2 Degenerate Ape Academy 3 Aurory 4 GGSG: Galactic Geckos 5 Shadowy Super Coder DAO 6 Bold Badgers 7 CETS ON CRECK 8 Cyber Samurai Gen1 9 Space Runners 10 Stoned Ape Crew 11 The Catalina Whale Mixer 12 ASTRALS 13 Infinity Labs 14 Quantum Traders 15  The Suites 16 Famous Fox Federation 17 Rogue Sharks 18 TombStoned High Society 19 Monkey Kingdom 20 SOLGods 21 Guild Saga Heroes 22 Okay Bear
How do I claim royalties if I am the original creator/owner of a whitelisted NFT collection?
 You may complete and submit this form. We will then verify accordingly. If the submitted information is complete and verified, we will further contact you to complete the payout setup process. If otherwise, you may not be notified. Additional details are available in the form.
Which blockchains are supported for NFT withdrawal from Crypto.com NFT?
 We currently support NFTs from the networks below:  1. Native NFTs Crypto.org Chain 2. Cross-Chain NFTs Ethereum (see whitelist) Polygon (see whitelist) Cronos (see whitelist) Solana (see whitelist) We support NFT withdrawals to wallets on the Crypto.org Chain. Please ensure that your Crypto.org Chain wallet supports NFTs before withdrawing.  Note: The Crypto.com App only supports fungible token deposits and does NOT support NFT, withdrawals to the App from the NFT platform will result in the permanent loss of assets  1. Withdrawals to an origin network On withdrawal, the wrapped version of the NFT on the Crypto.org Chain will be burned, and the original NFT will be released to your provided external wallet address. This will incur a withdrawal fee, which you will need to pay during the withdrawal flow.  Please ensure that the external network you are withdrawing to is the same network you deposited the NFT from. Withdrawals to incorrect networks will result in the permanent loss of assets.  2. Withdrawals to Crypto.org Chain You can withdraw the wrapped version of the original Ethereum NFT on the Crypto.org Chain to a Crypto.org wallet address.  Crypto.org Chain NFT withdrawal flow:  1. On the NFT listing page, click on the three dots and select “Withdraw NFT”.  2. Select “Crypto.org Chain” in the dropdown and paste your Crypto.org Chain wallet address to the field provided (do not enter the address manually) and proceed.  3. Input the 8-digit verification code sent to your email and click “Submit”. You will need to complete 2FA authentication as well depending on your security settings  4. You should see the “Withdrawal in Progress” modal.  5. Once the withdrawal is completed and confirmed on-chain, you will receive a confirmation email  1. On the NFT listing page, click on the three dots and select “Withdraw NFT”.  2. Select origin network of your cross-chain NFT in the dropdown and paste your external wallet address to the field provided (do not enter the address manually)  3. Input the 8-digit verification code sent to your email and click “Submit”. You will need to complete 2FA authentication as well depending on your security settings  4. Check the withdrawal fee and proceed to complete payment. Please make sure to complete the payment within the allocated 5-minute quote window.  5. After the payment has been completed successfully, you should see the “Payment success” modal.  6. Once the withdrawal is completed and confirmed on-chain, you will receive a confirmation email  For more information on withdrawing to external chains, check out our video tutorial on How to deposit Ethereum NFTs to Crypto.com NFT.  Please follow the same procedure for other chains by selecting the correct withdrawal chain in the drop down menu. 
What are the withdrawal fees incurred?
 NFT withdrawals to Crypto.org Chain are free of charge.  A withdrawal fee is charged for all withdrawals through external networks. The fee is used to cover the gas fees we incur to execute the transaction. The fee will always be quoted in USD, converted from the external network’s utility token to USD based on the real-time price of the token. The withdrawal quote is only valid for 5 minutes, users will have to complete the payment within this time window. If payment is not completed within 5 minutes, a new quote will need to be requested. Users can pay the fee using the 3 payment methods we offer on our platform: NFT account balance Credit/debit card Crypto.com Pay
Can I whitelist certain withdrawal addresses?
 Users can now whitelist withdrawal addresses in the “Security” section under “Settings”, reducing copy and pasting errors and making withdrawals easier.  An optional 24-hour withdrawal lock can be enabled whenever users add a new whitelisted address.  Users can also enable “Mandatory Address Whitelisting” to ensure withdrawals are made only to addresses that they have whitelisted. If switched on, users can no longer manually input withdrawal addresses when withdrawing a NFT, and can only select from the list of previously whitelisted addresses.
What is privileged drop access?
 Privileged drop access grants special access rights to users on certain curated drops on the Crypto.com NFT platform if they fulfill specified qualifying criteria. It can come in 2 forms: Early Access: Eligible users are able to purchase collectibles from the curated drop earlier than its public sale start time Exclusive Access: Only eligible users are able to purchase collectibles from the curated drop. Non-eligible users who are interested in purchasing the dropped collectibles can only do so subsequently in the marketplace
How do I know if a drop offers privileged drop access?
 Drops offering privileged access will display a tag with this detail in the following places: Homepage banner, drops page banner, and drop details page banner Drops that have privileged drop access configurations will display a tag on the upper-left corner of the banners on the homepage, drops page, and drop details pages.  Exclusive access tag:  Early access tag:  The early access tag includes a countdown to specify how much time is remaining before the early access period is available.  During the early access period, the tag will show “Early access is now available”.  Additional indicators are also available on the drops page When a drop with privileged access is upcoming, you can find the drop card in the “Upcoming” row in the drops page with an “Exclusive Access” or “Early Access” tag   When an early access drop is currently available, you can find the drop card in the “Early Access” row of the drops page.  When an exclusive access drop is currently available, you can find the drop card in the “Current” row of the drops page, with an “Exclusive Access” tag 
How can I become eligible for privileged drop access?
 The eligibility criteria for privileged drop access differs from case to case. For example, eligibility can be determined by possessing an NFT(s) from a specific collection in your Crypto.com NFT account. Please refer to the corresponding details page of the drop you’re interested in that offers privileged drop access for details on eligibility criteria. You can also follow our official media channels for more information.  Our system detects your account’s eligibility for a privileged access drop at the point you try to access that drop. To ensure that your eligibility status is detected, please make sure to always log in before entering the drop. 
When can I list the NFTs I bought from a privileged drop for sale?
 You can list the NFTs you bought during the early access period in the marketplace once the public sale starts, given that they are minted.  You can list the NFTs you bought in the marketplace once they are minted. Please refer to our blog post for more information on The Great CRO-ssing. 
Are the “Loaded Lions” NFTs being moved off Crypto.com NFT?
 The NFTs will remain in your Crypto.com NFT account and they will be available on the platform. The only difference is that they are now NFTs minted on the Cronos blockchain instead of the Crypto.org Chain. The Loaded Lions and Cyber Cubs collection is and will always be the flagship PFP project of Crypto.com NFT! 
What happens if my NFT is not on Crypto.com NFT at the time of The Great CRO-ssing?
 If your “Loaded Lions” and “Cyber Cubs” NFTs are not in your Crypto.com NFT account by 10 August 2022, 02:00 UTC, the NFTs will remain as Crypto.org Chain NFTs. Additionally, you will not be able to transfer them to Cronos by yourself to enjoy the benefits of The Great CRO-ssing.  We highly encourage users to deposit your withdrawn Lions and Cubs back to your Crypto.com NFT account for The Great CRO-ssing on 10 August 2022. However, we will arrange for additional migrations in the future. Should you miss The Great CRO-ssing, you can deposit your Lion or Cub back to your Crypto.com NFT account and we will migrate those NFTs over to the Cronos Chain in batches at the end of each month after the initial CRO-ssing. 
What happens to listed and auctioned NFTs at the time of The Great CRO-ssing?
 To ensure that no changes in NFT ownership occur during The Great CRO-ssing, we will be restricting auction dates for “Loaded Lions” and “Cyber Cubs” NFTs to end no later than 10 August 2022, 0:00 UTC. All existing listings for the two collections will also be taken down right before The Great CRO-ssing.  You will have to re-list your “Loaded Lions” and “Cyber Cubs” NFTs again after The Great CRO-ssing is complete. 
Where can we now buy and sell “Loaded Lions” and “Cyber Cubs” NFTs?
 Crypto.com NFT will still be the primary marketplace for all things Loaded Lions. There’s also the added benefit of being able to trade your Loaded Lions and Cyber Cubs on Cronos blockchain NFT marketplaces once the collections are listed there. 
How do I get my “Loaded Lions” and “Cyber Cubs” on Cronos?
 As The Great CRO-ssing moves the Lions and Cubs to the Cronos chain on the Crypto.com platform, you can withdraw them to any non-custodial wallet that supports Cronos. These include the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet app and DeFi Desktop Wallet. You may also download MetaMask and connect it to the Cronos Mainnet.  Download the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet App / DeFi Desktop Wallet here Set up a MetaMask wallet here and follow the instructions to connect to the Cronos Mainnet here  Once your non-custodial wallet is set up, obtain its Cronos address for NFTs. You can then send your NFTs to this address. Here’s a tutorial on withdrawing collectibles from your Crypto.com NFT account.  Remember to select “Cronos” in the dropdown menu as the destination wallet when withdrawing your Lions and Cubs. 
Will collection histories and statistics be affected?
 Collection-level statistics such as trading volume and trading activity will still be retained and accumulated. However, trading histories of individual NFTs before The Great CRO-ssing will no longer be available. 
What happens to “Loaded Lions” and “Cyber Cubs” that remain on the Crypto.org Chain?
 After The Great CRO-ssing, “Loaded Lions” and “Cyber Cubs” still on the Crypto.org Chain will no longer be  visible on Crypto.com NFT. They will be replaced by their new Cronos versions. The Crypto.org Chain-based versions of the NFTs will remain on-chain for approximately one week after The Great CRO-ssing, but they will eventually be burned. 
How will my privileged access rights be affected?
 Privileges like early and exclusive access for drops on Crypto.com NFT will not be affected by The Great CRO-ssing. Users will still be required to hold their NFTs in their Crypto.com NFT account to access platform-specific features. 
Will access to gated Loaded Lions Discord channels be affected?
 The Crypto.com NFT verification bot on Discord will be temporarily disabled while The Great CRO-ssing is taking place. Users who are already verified will not have to reconnect and re-verify their Crypto.com NFT account. They will continue to be able to access the gated channels during and after The Great CRO-ssing.  Additionally, we are currently working to add Discord verification for Loaded Lions and Cyber Cubs that are withdrawn to non-custodial wallets. Therefore, Mane Netizens who withdraw their “Loaded Lions” and “Cyber Cubs” NFTs from Crypto.com NFT will not be able to access the gated Discord channels.
What is Discord NFT ownership verification?
 One of the many benefits of holding NFTs is gaining access to holder-exclusive private discord channels within a Discord server. To enter these discord channels, you will need to verify that you actually own the required NFT.  Some curated creators on Crypto.com NFT have their own discord server for specific projects and have private channels within those servers that holders can enter by having the required NFT(s) in their Crypto.com NFT account. 
How Do I verify my ownership?
 Go to the “Verification” tab in “Security Settings” under the drop down menu in the homepage Click “Generate Secret Key” to generate a one-time secret key. This will be used to identify your Crypto.com NFT wallet on discord. Copy this system-generated secret key. Go to the “holders-verify” channel in the supported project’s discord server and click “Verify My NFT Ownership”.*  You will receive a direct message from “Crypto.com NFT Verification”   with instructions to copy a string of text from the message and send it in the chat together with the copied secret key**.  If your NFT holdings match the channel entry requirements, the private channels will be accessible under the discord server. Note that it might take up to a few minutes before you are verified. 6. You can check out your active discord connections in the “Verification” tab where you generated the secret key.  *Each secret key is valid for 5 minutes only. If the secret key expires, generate another secret key and repeat steps 3 to 5.  **The bot will always provide you with an Anti-Phishing code, please do not interact with any chatbots that do not display an accurate Anti-Phishing code. 
What happens if I sell my NFT required for certain private discord channels?
 Our bot periodically scans your account for the required NFTs, and you will be automatically removed from the private channel if you no longer own the NFT. 
How Do I disconnect my discord connection?
 In the #nft-bot-commands channel within the discord server, type and send “!revoke” in the chat. The bot will then remove you from the channel.  You could also go to the “Verification” tab in “Security Settings” on the Crypto.com NFT platform and remove the Active Connections from there. 
Does the secret key provide my NFT account information to Discord?
 The secret key is a read-only key built for the Crypto.com NFT Discord Bot to identify which Crypto.com NFT account is tied to the Discord user. No additional information of users are provided to Discord or the Discord Bot. 
What is Two-Factor Authentication?
 Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) is an additional security layer to email verification and your account password. With 2FA enabled, you will have to provide the 2FA code when performing certain actions on the Crypto.com NFT platform. 
How does TOTP work?
 Crypto.com NFT uses a Time-based One-time Password (TOTP) for Two-Factor Authentication, it involves generating a temporary, unique one-time 6-digit code* that is only valid for 30 seconds. You will need to enter this code to perform actions that affect your assets or personal information on the platform.  *Please keep in mind that the code should consist of numbers only. 
How do I set up 2FA on my Crypto.com NFT account?
 2FA setup flow Within the “Settings” page, click “Set Up 2FA” under “Security” Scan the QR code with an authenticator app*, or copy the code to the app to add it manually. Then click “Proceed to Verify” Users will need to install authenticator apps like Google Authenticator or Authy to set up 2FA Input the verification code sent to your email inbox and displayed in your authenticator app. Click “Submit” After setup is complete, you will see a confirmation message Please note that the 2FA set up in your Crypto.com NFT account is independent of the one set up for your accounts across other Crypto.com ecosystem products. 
Which actions are secured by 2FA?
 After 2FA has been enabled, the following actions performed on the Crypto.com NFT platform will require users to enter the 2FA code: List NFT (2FA can be turned off optionally) Accept Bids & Offers (2FA can be turned off optionally) Enable 2FA Request Payout Login Reset Password Withdraw NFT Please note that withdrawing NFTs requires a mandatory 2FA setup. Upon enabling 2FA, users will face a 24-hour withdrawal lock for all of the NFTs in their accounts. 
How to reset my 2FA?
 If you lose your device or don't have access to your authenticator app, you will need to contact our customer support.  Once your 2FA is revoked, the system will invalidate your previous authentication key. The 2FA section in the “Security” tab in “Settings” will return to its non-setup state, where you can click “Set Up 2FA” to set up 2FA again.
What is an Anti-Phishing Code?
 An Anti-Phishing Code is a code that, when set up, appears in all emails sent from Crypto.com NFT. The purpose of the Anti-Phishing Code is to help you identify whether emails are legitimately from Crypto.com NFT, or phishing attempts. 
Which emails will include the Anti-Phishing Code I set up within my Crypto.com NFT account
 Only emails sent from Crypto.com NFT will include this Anti-Phishing Code.  Please note that the Anti-Phishing Code set up in your Crypto.com NFT account is independent of the one set up for your Crypto.com App or Exchange accounts. 
Where can I set up my Anti-Phishing Code?
 To set up your personal Anti-Phishing Code for your Crypto.com NFT account, follow the steps below:  Go to Settings > Security > Anti-Phishing Code > click “Create Code” Enter your unique code and click “Confirm Anti-Phishing Code” Input the verification code that was sent to your inbox and click “Submit” Once it is set up, all emails from Crypto.com NFT will include this code.  You can also update/disable your Anti-Phishing code on the same screen. For added security, we recommend updating your code every 30 days.   During the registration process, we'll need you to provide us with your: Full legal name Picture of government-issued ID* Selfie Please note:  Account opening is exclusively through the Crypto.com app therefore please don’t send us the required information by email or through the in-app chat.  *In the majority of the cases, the best document to use is your passport.  If you don’t have a passport, a National ID or a Driving License will usually suffice.(US citizens and residents, however, are required to submit their state-issued driver's license or ID). 
Status After Submission
 Verification Pending Description: Your application is pending our team's review This is a case-by-case process and may take anywhere from a few hours to a couple of business days, depending on many factors (e.g. your country of application, nationality, quality of the pictures, etc.) If your status does not change within 3 business days, please contact Support through the in-app chat (Contact Support). You may be asked to provide us with additional information.  Please be mindful of our instructions and never send us any personal information we did not request (including pictures, scans, PDFs, etc.)  Verification IncompleteDescription: An issue occurred with one or more of the above-listed elements in your application and we need you to repeat the process Tap "Resubmit" and follow the ID/photo submission process again. If it happens 2-3 times and you’re not receiving any communication from us, please use the in-app chat to find out more about the issue. Your Verification is Approved Description: Your verification is complete and you can proceed to: Buy/sell/store/send/track cryptocurrencies Stake your CRO in the app and reserve a Crypto.com Visa card Crypto Earn, Crypto Credit, Pay
FAQ:
 Why do you need this information?  Compliance is one of our core competence areas  What happens with my personal data?  Please refer to our Privacy Notice  The app won't scan my ID or take my photo?  Please try the manual upload feature if you have been unsuccessful in scanning your document and/or photo on your initial attempt.  The following steps will help you to go through the verification process faster: Full Legal Name: Make sure that the name you type is the same as the one on the document you provide. If the document uses abbreviations or initials, please use your full names instead. Make sure there are no spelling mistakes Take a Good ID Picture: Take the picture of the ID in a well-lit environment.  Make sure all four corners of the document are visible and there are no reflections (if your phone’s flashlight is on, be sure to switch it off). Clean the lens, hold the phone steady, position the camera in a way that the picture frame touches the edges of the document – once it does, the picture will be taken automatically. After the picture has been captured, make sure that the information on it is legible. If you’re not sure of the quality, retake the picture before submitting it. Take a Good Picture: When taking the picture, hold the camera steady and follow the green dot with your eyes (this process uses video and photo camera), without turning your head. Try to remain still as much as possible – it won’t take long!
For proof of residential address verification, one of the following documents under your name (issued within 3 months) is accepted:
 Utility bill Correspondence from a Government department or agency Statement/letters issued by a bank/financial institution, or an authorized insurer (for credit card statement, please mask the card number). Valid Government ID
When capturing a document, please keep in mind to:
 Capture its full form with all four corners; a partial scan of a document is not accepted. Capture a printed document or a digital copy through a computer screen Keep the document unaltered, except when masking bank account or card numbers. Capture the document vertically (in portrait mode) to ensure the full document is captured, do not capture it in landscape mode.
What do you do with my information?
 Crypto.com only uses the information for the purpose of address verification as required by applicable laws and regulations. Crypto.com does not use the information submitted by an applicant for other use.
Application Processing
 While most applications are being processed in 3 - 4 days, due to the overwhelming number of new applicants, some KYC reviews are taking approximately 7 business days.  Applications are being reviewed as quickly as possible and an update will be provided via email once complete. We appreciate your patience.
What information must I submit?
 You must submit three pieces of information for KYC: your address, a ‘Source of Funds’ declaration, and an ‘Occupation’ declaration. 
When must I submit my information?
 You need to submit your information before making any of the following funds-in transactions: Transfers from the Exchange Transfers from Pay Your Friends Fiat wallet deposits Crypto wallet deposits (including PayString and external wallets) Crypto purchases (including using credit/debit cards, Recurring Buy, and your Fiat Wallet and Crypto Wallet)
Why do I have to submit my information?
 Submitting your information is required by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority of Ontario (FSRA). You must complete this step prior to make any of the transactions listed above, so we recommend you do so as early as possible. 
How do I submit my information?
 You will see a pop-up notification in the App requesting you to submit your information when you try to perform any of the transactions listed above.. Tap ‘Submit Now’ and follow the on-screen instructions. 
If I have already submitted my information, do I have to submit it again?
 No, once you have submitted your information and we have verified it, you will not need to submit it again. 
What happens if I do not submit my information?
 You will not be able to make any of the funds-in transactions listed above, but you will still be able to perform funds-out transactions from the App, such as withdrawals. 
Why is the verification process taking so long?
 There are a few possible reasons why there might be a delay, including: High volume of submissions Technical issues Regulatory requirements (e.g. vulnerability checks) Please allow up to 24 hours for us to verify your information. 
When will I know that my information has been verified?
 After submission, you will see this confirmation screen:  You will be notified via email/in-app push notifications once your verification is complete Please email us at [email protected] , stating your phone number (including the country code) and your Mobile Service Provider.
What is "Singpass"?
 Singpass is every Singapore resident’s trusted digital identity for easy and secure access to over 1,700 government and private sector services online and in person. Users can log in to digital services, prove their identity over counters, digitally sign documents, and more with the improved Singpass.  Singpass is managed by the Government Technology Agency (GovTech) and is one of eight strategic national projects that drive Singapore’s Smart Nation vision. 
What is MyInfo?
 MyInfo is a service that allows Singpass users to manage their personal data and pre-fill forms, with their consent, for digital services transactions, including data that is retrieved across participating government agencies. This means that users only need to provide personal data once to the digital service, instead of repeatedly providing data for every online transaction. Users can view their own personal data profile in their Singpass app under the Profile tab.
What is “Source of Funds” and what documents are accepted?
 We are occasionally required to collect and verify additional information and documents from our customers to comply with customer due diligence and anti-money laundering laws and regulations.  Proving the “Source of Funds” is the key aspect of this process.  Proof of Source of Funds should be a document that displays from where the funds used to fund your Crypto.com account have originated.  In cases of large Crypto deposits, we require proof and explanations of how and when the Crypto assets were obtained.  Provided documentation should comply with the following requirements: Must be in one of the following formats - .pdf, .png, .jpg, .jpeg Should be visible in full, with all four corners captured (in case it’s a photo/scan) Your name, date of the statement, and dates of transactions should be clearly visible All transaction details should be clear and legible While you may cover sensitive information*, we need to clearly see the inbound transactions (your income) as well as the outbound transactions (your deposits to Crypto.com) Bank statements/payslips / other documents must be relevant to the time period in question and should also reflect your most recent balances Some examples of possible sources of funds and acceptable proof for each: Salary: you would provide a recent payslip from your employer (and/or a tax statement) AND a bank statement showing your recent account balances.  Your name, date, and amounts should be clearly visible. Sale of property: you would provide a copy of a contract of sale (or a copy of a land registry, a title deed, or a letter from a real estate agent or a lawyer confirming the sale of a  property) AND a bank statement that displays the proceeds of the sale being deposited.  Your name should be clearly visible on both documents along with amounts and dates. Savings: you would provide a bank statement reflecting that the savings are more than or equal to the amount being invested. The statement period should cover at least three months. Your name, dates, and amounts should be clearly visible. Loan: you would provide the loan agreement AND a bank statement that displays the loan being deposited.  Your name should be clearly visible on the documents along with amounts and dates. Inheritance: you would provide a copy of a testament (or a letter from the executor of the will or lawyer) AND a bank statement that displays the proceeds of the sale being deposited.  Your name should be clearly visible on all documents along with amounts and dates. Gift or donation: you would provide an affidavit/letter from the donor explaining the nature of the gift along AND a bank statement reflecting the deposit is acceptable.  Your name should be clearly visible on all documents along with amounts and dates. Pension fund: you would provide details on the pension fund (along with a fund statement, if available) AND a bank statement that displays the pension being deposited.  Your name should be clearly visible on the documents along with amounts and dates. Tax refund: You would provide a copy of the tax return that reflects the tax refund (should be no older than 12 months) AND a bank statement that displays the funds being deposited to your account.  Your name should be clearly visible on the documents along with amounts and dates. Other: you would provide other official documentation evidencing the source of wealth and funds.  Your name should be clearly visible on the documents along with amounts and dates.  The amounts in question should support your financial activity with Crypto.com. *It is acceptable to cover some sensitive information, for example - social security number, credit card number, or similar.  Please be advised that in order to verify the legitimacy of each document it must be as lightly redacted as possible, i.e. in the case of bank statements, we need to clearly see all of the inbound and outbound transactions. 
Regarding Security:
 If you prefer to provide your Source of Funds information by other means, we offer the option for you to do so via a “secure upload”.  If you choose this option, you may provide your answers in a separate file and upload it along with your proof of Source of Funds to the secure link.  Please respond to our message requesting the link and we will be happy to provide it.  We are an ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified company, and we maintain the top information security standards.  You may read more here: https://crypto.com/en/security.html  At Crypto.com Pay for Business, we offer your customers the option to pay with cryptocurrencies using Crypto.com Pay Checkout - an online crypto payment checkout solution powered by the Crypto.com Chain. With a simple e-commerce platform plug-in or a few lines of codes added to your online store, you are ready to receive crypto payments from your customers.  Sample Scenario:  John runs an online T-shirt shop and he is a merchant with Crypto.com Pay. See how he accepts crypto payment from his customer:  Why choose us: Competitive rates - Save up to 80% on fees when settling in your preferred currency No price fluctuation - we guarantee you get credited with the amount you priced Fast payments - instant crypto settlements, quickest T+1 fiat payouts Accept cryptocurrencies payments from 50M+ users globally And more: invoicing service, plugins for multiple popular e-commerce platforms, cash rebates for your customers who pay in CRO, etc… To learn more about our features… Checkout - payment option for your customers to purchase with their desired cryptocurrencies, seamlessly and securely: What Should I Know About Crypto.com Pay Checkout? Invoicing - help issue your invoices via email and collect cryptocurrency from customers: Pay Invoice Subscription - collect recurring payments from your customers with Crypto.com App: Pay Subscriptions Supported Currency List - supported currencies of pricing, payment and settlement: What Are the Supported Currencies in Crypto.com Pay? 
How do I register for a Crypto.com Pay Account?
 Merchant Registration for Crypto.com Pay is now open. You may sign up for an account directly from our website. 
What should I expect after submitting my Crypto.com Pay Account Application?
 It takes a few business days for our team to review an application. You will receive an email notifying the status of your application with the next steps once it has been reviewed by our team. 
Could I register for multiple Crypto.com Pay Accounts?
 Merchants that would like to register different business entities are required to open separate Crypto.com Pay accounts. However, merchants that operate different businesses under the same company could use the same Crypto.com Pay account. 
What are the possible reasons my application is rejected?
 Crypto.com strives to be a compliant provider of financial services. We work closely with our external legal advisers to monitor the developments of industry regulation to ensure we provide a safe and reliable payment solution for our merchants.
How can I access my Crypto.com Pay Account?
 You may login to your merchant account through the Crypto.com Pay website. 
How can I update the details on my account?
 You may log in to your Merchant Dashboard and update your business information in the “Settings” page. Note that you may need to provide documentation proof for certain information changes. 
How can I log in to my account if I forgot my information?
 For merchants, you may use the “Forgot Password” function on Merchant Dashboard to reset your password. 
Do you have any Referral/Affiliate programs?
 We currently do not have an affiliate program for Crypto.com Pay. However, we do have a BG25 Referral Rewards Program for our Crypto.com Wallet App Users.  We will let you know once we have an affiliate program for Crypto.com Pay. Please follow us on our official social media channels for the latest updates. As a Crypto.com Pay merchant, you’re able to take advantage of the world’s growing crypto adoption by reaching our over 50 million strong user base.  We have built several features to help our merchants succeed. Among them is the Pay Catalogue—a directory of shops that Crypto.com App users can easily browse and make purchases from every day.  To submit your shop listing for the Pay Catalogue, go to the Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard → Settings → Business → Shop Information. Please see the Visual Guidelines below for details about optimizing your submission: 
Visual Guidelines
 Your logo is displayed in the Pay Catalogue with the product visual, as well as on the payment page when customers check out. The logo will be displayed in a circular shape Solid colour inside the circle File Types: jpeg, png; Max. Size: 1 MB; Min. Dimensions: at least 100 x 100 px Circular logoClear textNo background photo (only graphic elements)     Non-circular logo No margin to the edges Logo is too small Transparent background Background photo
2. Product Visuals
 Your product visual is displayed in the Pay Catalogue with your logo, so make sure it’s a high-quality image that represents your brand. You need to own the image’s copyright Non-transparent background File Types: jpeg, png; Max. Size: 5 MB; Min. Dimensions: at least 500 x 500 px Clear image showing the product or service  Blank imageTransparent background Not a squared imageDistorted image Only shows logo
Combination with Logo
  Good examples - The logo and product visual complement each other      Bad examples - An important part of the product visual is covered by the logo   
Listing Review
 Each listing in the Pay Catalogue will undergo a review process, so please ensure that your logo and product visuals adhere to the Visual Guidelines.  Important: To be listed, your shop must also be compatible with different devices (especially mobile) and include our Promotion Banner.
Prerequisite
 Please use the publishable key and/or secret key for testing when interacting with the Crypto.com Pay SDK / APIs as follow: Log into the Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard and make sure the “Test Data” toggle of the Merchant Account is switched on. Click “Integration” on the left menu. Use the value of the publishable key and/or secret key under the “API Keys” tab when interacting with the Crypto.com Pay SDK / APIs. For merchants integrated with other e-commerce platforms (e.g., Shopify, WooCommerce, etc.), please also make sure the test mode is switched on in the integrated e-commerce platform. 
Steps
 1. Create a payment (refer here for the details of implementation) and check out with Crypto.com Pay on your integrated website / e-commerce platform. 2. Get redirected to Crypto.com Pay payment page. 3. Select “Crypto.com App” as the payment method. (under test mode, only “Crypto.com App” is supported) 4. Press the “Complete Test Payment” button to mimic that the payment has been approved by Crypto.com Pay. (it does not affect your live data or interact with the payment networks) 5. Payment success!
How can I integrate Crypto.com Pay on my Website?
 Once your account is approved, you will have access to the Crypto.com Pay integration guide from your online account. Non-KYC approved users can also access the integration guide and deploy Crypto.com Pay in TEST mode.
What e-commerce platforms does Crypto.com Pay support?
 Crypto.com Pay offers plugins with many of the world’s popular eCommerce solutions and the list keeps growing.  Please find below the setup guide of the plugins so you can get a quick start.  List of Plugins: Shopify Setup WooCommerce Setup OpenCart Setup Ecwid Setup NopCommerce Setup PrestaShop Setup
How could I use Crypto.com Pay if my website does not have a checkout page?
 You could consider directly issuing a Crypto.com Pay invoice via email to collect cryptocurrency payments from your customer. The invoice feature could be accessed by tapping “invoice” at the navigation bar in the merchant dashboard.
Why am I unable to toggle the switch for Live Mode on the merchant dashboard?
 The button will only be enabled for KYC approved accounts.
Do I need to download the Crypto.com Wallet App to integrate Crypto.com Pay?
 No. As a merchant, you can register for the merchant account to start receiving cryptocurrency payments from your customers. You could follow the integration guide here.
Do I have to remove my existing payment gateway solutions to integrate Crypto.com Pay?
 No, our integration process allows merchants to integrate the Crypto.com Pay button without removing any existing payment gateways.
Can merchants list their gift card as one of the gift card offerings in Crypto.com wallet app?
 We currently do not support listing of merchants’ gift cards to Crypto.com Wallet app.
Can I integrate Crypto.com Pay as an offline merchant?
 We are working with selected merchants for offline integration. Our team will reach out to you as needed. Please follow us on our official Social Media Channels to receive the latest updates on our project.
Overview
 Shopify powers millions of businesses worldwide by providing an all-in-one commerce platform to start, run and grow a business.  You can accept cryptocurrencies in your Shopify storefront with Crypto.com Pay for the following key benefits: Millions of Users within Reach: Leverage the millions of users of Crypto.com and capitalize on growing crypto adoption. Easy Setup & Settlement: Enable Crypto.com Pay in your Shop with few clicks - no coding experience required. Receive cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies - your choice. Low Cost to Accept 20+ Cryptocurrencies: Pay no transaction fees and save up to 80% on settlement fees. Accept more than 20 popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Cronos (CRO), USDC, TUSD, and more. 
Ready to get started?
Learn more about the Crypto.com Pay plugin here.
 
Step-by-Step Integration Guide
 To achieve the key benefits within just a few clicks, please follow the 4 simple steps below. 
Step 1: Register Crypto.com Pay Account
 Sign up for a Crypto.com Pay account on the Merchant Dashboard, if you don't already have one. Follow the instructions to get started. 
Step 2: Install Crypto.com Pay and Connect with Shopify Shop
 Log into the Shopify Admin of the Shopify Shop you would like to install Crypto.com Pay. Click “Settings” at the bottom-left, and select “Payments” at the left menu. Navigate to the “Supported payment methods” section and click “Add payment methods”. Click the “Search by provider” tab, and type in “Crypto.com Pay” in the search bar. Select “Crypto.com Pay” and click “Activate”. Scroll down to the button and click “Connect”. Click “Install app”.  Log into the Merchant Dashboard with the Crypto.com Pay account signed up in Step 1. Select your Crypto.com Pay’s Merchant Account2 to connect with the Shopify Shop, and click “Authorize”. Please get redirected back to Shopify Admin after it's finished. Click the “Activate Crypto.com Pay” button. The connection status of the selected Merchant Account will become “Connected” under the “Plugins” page once the installation and connection are successful.  Note: If your Merchant Account is still pending activation (i.e. KYC not yet complete), only test mode will be available. To successfully authorize the connection of a Crypto.com Merchant Account with a Shopify shop, the login user shall be either the Owner, Administrator, or Developer of the Merchant Account.
Step 3: Verify the Integration with Test Mode
 At this point, Crypto.com Pay is fully integrated with your Shopify shop. However, it is recommended to test the payment flow at least once before enabling the live mode to process accurate payments. Below are the steps concerned:  Activate Crypto.com Pay with Test Mode in your connected Shopify shop: Log into the Shopify Admin of your connected Shopify shop. Select “Settings” and then “Payments”. Navigate to the “Crypto.com Pay” under the “Additional payment methods” section, and click “Manage”. Enable “Test Mode” by checking the “Enable test mode” checkbox. Press the “Activate Crypto.com Pay” button. Test payment with Crypto.com Pay in your connected Shopify shop: Go to your connected Shopify shop. Add designated item(s) into your cart and proceed to checkout. Fill in the corresponding information required. Select “Crypto.com Pay” under the “Payment” section and press the “Complete Order” button. Get redirected to the Crypto.com Pay checkout page. Refer here for how to complete a test payment. Get redirected to the order confirmation page of your connected Shopify shop.
Step 4: Enable Live Mode and CONGRATS!
 Once the payment flow is thoroughly tested, you could enable LIVE transactions by following the steps below: Log into the Shopify Admin of your connected Shopify shop. Select “Settings” and then “Payments”. Navigate to the “Crypto.com Pay” under the “Additional payment methods” section, and click “Manage”. Disable “Test Mode” by unchecking the “Enable test mode” checkbox. Press the “Save” button. Congratulations, you can now accept cryptocurrency payments in your connected Shopify shop in Live mode.  Note: When a refund is needed for payments originating from your connected Shopify shop, it is advised to request the refund on Shopify admin, to ensure the available refundable amount on Shopify admin is up-to-date. 
Promote Crypto.com Pay Rebate
 By checking out with Crypto.com Pay in your connected Shopify Shop, your customer will enjoy a rebate in proportion to the checkout amount (refer here for more information).  To promote this rebate in your Shop to attract more customers, you are suggested to add the Crypto.com Pay Promotion Banner in your shop with the following steps. Log into the Merchant Dashboard; Select “Integration” at the left menu and navigate to the “API Keys” tab; Copy the Publishable Key;  Navigate to the “Plugins” tab; Click “Manage” and get redirected to the Shopify Admin. Please make sure you are in the Shopify Admin of your connected Shop. Click “Online Store” on the left menu and select “Themes” under “Online Store”; Click the “Customize” button to open the Theme Editor;  Navigate to the leftmost menu bar and click the icon of “App embeds”;   Expand “Crypto.com Pay”; Turn on the toggle of Crypto.com Pay; Paste the Publishable Key and configure the following fields so that the banner’s style matches your Shop: Theme: combinations of the font color and the banner’s background color Size: the size of the banner, e.g., Small, Medium, Large, Fit to Width. Banner Message: message to be displayed on the banner, e.g., Earn Rebate, Shop Now. Font: font of the message on the banner, e.g., Helvetica, SF Pro Text, etc. Go back to the Theme Editor; Navigate to the dropdown in the top middle and select “Products“ and “Default Product” template;   Click “+ Add block” in a desired Section (e.g., Product information) and select “Crypto.com Pay Banner”  Drag and drop the “Crypto.com Pay Banner” to the desired position; Click the “Save” button at the top right corner. Congratulations, you have just successfully added the Crypto.com Pay Promotion Banner to your Shop. 
Disconnect Crypto.com Pay from your Shopify Shop
 If you would like to disconnect your Crypto.com Pay Merchant Account from your Shopify Shop, for example, to connect it to another Shopify Shop, then you should follow the following steps: Log into the Shopify Admin of the Shopify Shop that you would like to disconnect Crypto.com Pay from. Click “Settings” at the bottom-left, and select “Payments” at the left menu. Navigate to “Crypto.com Pay” in the “Supported payment methods” section and click “Manage”. Scroll down to the button and click “Deactivate Crypto.com Pay”.(after doing so, your customer will not see Crypto.com Pay as a payment method on the checkout page of your Shopify Shop) Click “Uninstall Crypto.com Pay”. When it is finished, your Shopify Shop will be disconnected with Crypto.com Pay and you can connect it with another Merchant Account.
Step 1: Register Crypto.com Pay Account
 Sign up for a Crypto.com Pay account, if you don't already have one. Navigate to the “Activation” tab on your dashboard and, complete the KYC requirements. Once you have access to the Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard, You will be able to generate a secret key and publishable key pair. The API keys can be found inside the Integration > API Keys tab.

Step 2: Install the plugin on WordPress
 After you have WordPress and WooCommerce installed, download and install the plugin via your WordPress admin panel. You can do this by going to Plugins > Add New then search for “Crypto.com Pay Checkout for WooCommerce” and then click Install Now. Then you can Activate the plugin on the Plugins page. 
Step 3: Enable payment method on WooCommerce
 In the WordPress admin panel, go to WooCommerce > Settings > Payments, click Enable and then Manage next to the Crypto.com Pay plugin. If you are testing with Test Data mode in the Crypto.com Pay Merchant dashboard, please select Test in Environment. Otherwise, please select Production. Fill in the secret key and publishable key on the page using the values you obtained from Step 1, then copy Webhook Url from the page. Navigate back to Crypto.com merchant dashboard, go to Integration > Webhooks tab. Click the Add Webhook button and then paste the Webhook Url copied into Payload URL, then a signature secret for webhook is generated. Paste this signature secret back to the Manage page of the WooCommerce Crypto.com Pay plugin. Note: Please make sure to choose the correct Environment in the form, based on whether you are testing or not, and please make sure you input the keys and secrets correctly as they are different between testing mode and live mode. 
Step 4: Verify the flow
 At this point, Crypto.com Pay is fully integrated with your WooCommerce. But it is recommended to try the payment flow at least once.  Refer here for how to complete a test payment.  When Crypto.com Pay approves the payment, the checkout window will indicate that the payment has been approved and your order status will also be updated. 
Step 5: Configure Account for LIVE transactions
 Once the payment flow is thoroughly tested, you could enable LIVE transactions by following the below: Log in to the Crypto.com merchant account Make sure the Test Data button at the menu bar is switched off so that you are in Live Data mode. Click the Integration tab on the Dashboard menu bar, follow Step 1 at the top of this guide to generate a new set of publishable key and secret key values for Live Data mode. Follow Step 3 to add a new webhook for Live Data mode, copy the webhook signature secret generated. Navigate back to your WordPress admin panel, then go to WooCommerce > Settings > Payments. Select Production for Environment, paste the secret key, publishable key and webhook signature secret on the Configure page using the values you obtained for Live Data mode. Congratulations, you could now accept cryptocurrency payments in Live Data mode.
Step 1: Register Crypto.com Pay Account
 Sign up for a Crypto.com Pay account, if you don't already have one. Navigate to the “Activation” tab on your dashboard and, complete the KYC requirements. Once you have access to the Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard, You will be able to generate a secret key and publishable key pair. The API keys can be found inside the Integration > API Keys tab. 
Step 2: Install the plugin on PrestaShop
 You can download the Crypto.com Pay plugin from our GitHub Repository or PrestaShop Addon Marketplace Download the addon zip archive. Go to PrestaShop admin panel > Modules > Modules Manager. Upload the addon zip archive using the Upload a Module function.
Step 3: Setup Crypto.com Pay on PrestaShop
 After installing the Crypto.com Pay addon, you will see “Crypto.com Pay” in the Modules Manager page, then click Configure. If you are testing with Test Data mode in Crypto.com Pay Merchant dashboard, please select Test in API mode. Otherwise, please select Live. Fill in secret key and publishable key on the page using the values you obtained from Step 1, then copy Webhook Url from the page. Navigate back to Crypto.com merchant dashboard, go to Integraion > Webhooks tab. Click the Add Webhook button and then paste the Webhook Url copied into Payload URL, then a signature secret for webhook is generated. Paste this signature secret in the Configure page of PrestaShop Crypto.com Pay addon. Note: Please make sure to select Test in API mode if you are testing, and please make sure you input the keys and secrets correctly as they are different between Test mode and Live mode. 
Step 4: Verify the flow
 At this point, Crypto.com Pay is fully integrated with your PrestaShop store. But it is recommended to try the payment flow at least once.  Refer here for how to complete a test payment.  When Crypto.com Pay approves the payment, the checkout window will indicate that the payment has been approved and your order status will also be updated. 
Step 5: Configure Account for LIVE transactions
 Once the payment flow is thoroughly tested, you could enable LIVE transactions by following the below: Log in to the Crypto.com merchant account Make sure the Test Data button at the menu bar is switched off. Click Integration tab on Dashboard menu bar, follow Step 1 of this guide to generate a new set of publishable key and secret key values for Live Data mode. In the Configure page of PrestaShop Crypto.com Pay addon, select Live for API Mode, and then follow Step 3 to add a new webhook for Live Data mode, copy these keys and secrets. Paste secret key, publishable key and webhook signature secret on the Configure page using the values you obtained for Live Data mode. Congratulations, you could now accept cryptocurrency payments in Live Data mode.
Prerequisite:
 Magento version: 2.x 
Step 1: Register Crypto.com Pay Account
 Sign up for a Crypto.com Pay account, if you don't already have one. Navigate to the “Settings” tab on your dashboard and, complete the KYC requirements. Once you have access to the Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard, You will be able to generate a secret key and publishable key pair. The API keys can be found inside the Integration > API Keys tab.  Note: You can switch between the Test Data toggle on the left menu to access the API Keys in Live Mode and Test Mode: if the toggle is on, the API Keys are in Test Mode; if it is off, the API Keys are in Live Mode. 
Step 2: Install the plugin on Magento
 You can learn more about the Crypto.com Pay plugin from our GitHub Repository and install as follows: Download the module zip package in Releases page Extract and upload all files to your Magento 2 installation path, i.e. move /code/Cdcpay in the zip file to /app/code/Cdcpay in the Magento server Login to your server, and in the root of your Magento2 install, run the following commands:php bin/magento setup:upgradephp bin/magento module:enable Cdcpay_CDCCheckoutphp bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy -f Flush your Magento2 Cachesphp bin/magento cache:flush Installation is done and you can now activate Crypto.com Pay in your Magento Store.  Note: If you encountered errors like “The requested class did not generate properly, because the ‘generated’ directory permission is read-only.” or “Can’t create directory” errors in your Magento 2 store, that means the file permissions in your environment are not configured correctly. You can refer to Magento’s documentation to update the settings. 
Step 3: Activate Crypto.com Pay on Magento
 Log in to the Magento admin panel. Navigate to Stores > Configuration > Sales > Payment Methods. Navigate to Crypto.com Pay and expand the configurations. Select “Yes” in Enabled. If you would like to enable LIVE transactions without testing the flow, you can skip the following and go to Step 5. Fill in the Secret Key in Test Mode with the values you obtained from Step 1. Select “Yes” in Test Mode. Copy the webhook url in the description of Webhook signature secret in Test Mode and replace the [Store URL] with your Magento Store’s URL. Navigate back to Crypto.com merchant dashboard and ensure Test Data toggle is switched on at the left menu. Go to Integration > Webhooks tab. Click Add Webhook button and then paste the webhook url copied into Payload URL, then a signature secret for the webhook will be generated. Copy and paste the signature secret back to the Webhook signature secret in Test Mode in Magento’s configurations page. Click Save Config button to save the configurations. Note: Please make sure to configure Test Mode in the form correctly, based on whether you are testing or not, and please make sure you input the secrets keys correctly as they are different between Test Mode and Live Mode. 
Step 4: Verify the flow
 At this point, Crypto.com Pay is fully integrated with your Magento. But it is recommended to try the payment flow at least once.  Refer here for how to complete a test payment.  When Crypto.com Pay approves the payment, the checkout window will indicate that the payment has been approved and your order status will also be updated. 
Step 5: Configure Account for LIVE transactions
 Once the payment flow is thoroughly tested, you could enable LIVE transactions by following the below: Log in to Magento’s admin panel, and navigate to Stores > Configuration > Sales > Payment Methods, and expand Crypto.com Pay configurations. Select “No” in Test Mode. Fill in Secret Key in Live Mode with the Live Mode’s Secret Key you obtained from the Merchant Dashboard. Copy the webhook url in the description of Webhook signature secret in Live Mode and replace the [Store URL] with your Magento Store’s URL. Navigate back to Crypto.com merchant dashboard and ensure Test Data toggle is switched off at the left menu. Go to Integration > Webhooks tab. Click Add Webhook button and then paste the webhook url copied into Payload URL, then a signature secret for the webhook will be generated. Copy and paste the signature secret back to the Webhook signature secret in Live Mode in Magento’s configurations page. Click Save Config button to save the configurations. Congratulations, you could now accept cryptocurrency payments in Live Mode.
Step 1: Register Crypto.com Pay Account
 Sign up for a Crypto.com Pay account, if you don't already have one. Once you have access to the Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard, You will be able to generate a secret key and publishable key pair. The API keys can be found inside the Integration > API Keys tab. Navigate to Integration > Webhooks tab. Click the Add Webhook button and then input https://<your-store-url>/index.php?route=extension/payment/crypto/callback as the Payload URL, then a signature secret for webhook is generated. 
Step 2: Install the extension on OpenCart
 Download the Crypto.com Pay extension from the OpenCart Marketplace. If you use OpenCart Cloud, you may also search for the extension in the marketplace and install it. In to admin panel, click Extensions > Installer, then you can upload the extension zip file in the installer page. Proceed to Extensions > Extensions and select Payments under Choose the extension type dropdown box. Then, click the Install button to install Crypto.com Pay. 
Step 3: Setup Crypto.com Pay on OpenCart
 After installing the Crypto.com Pay extension in the Extensions page, you can click Edit button to configure it. If you are testing with Test Data mode in Crypto.com Pay Merchant dashboard, please select Test under the Environment dropdown box. Otherwise, please select Live. After that, please fill in secret key, publishable key and webhook signature secret on the page using the values you obtained from Step 1. Note: Please make sure to select Test in API mode if you are testing, and please make sure you input the keys and secrets correctly as they are different between Test mode and Live mode. 
Step 4: Verify the flow
 At this point, Crypto.com Pay is fully integrated with your OpenCart store. But it is recommended to try the payment flow at least once.  For the convenience of testing, you may enable Test Data mode in Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard. By following Step 1 in Test Data mode, you will be able to obtain another set of secret key, publishable key and webhook signature secret.  After that, please navigate to the OpenCart admin panel, follow Step 3 to input the settings and select Live under Environment. Now you are able to test your store without carrying out an actual transaction.  Refer here for how to complete a test payment.  When Crypto.com Pay approves the payment, the checkout window will indicate that the payment has been approved and your order status will also be updated.
Step 1: Register Crypto.com Pay Account
 Sign up for a Crypto.com Pay account, if you don't already have one. Once you have access to the Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard, You will be able to generate a secret key and publishable key pair. The API keys can be found inside the Integration > API Keys tab. 
Step 2: Add the Payment Option on Ecwid
 In Ecwid Control Panel, click Payment on the menu On the page under Add new payment methods > More options to accept online payments, you can select “Crypto.com Pay - Accept payments in cryptocurrencies”. Click Install App. 
Step 3: Configure Account for TEST transactions
 We recommend you complete the integration process in this mode first before fully integrating into LIVE mode. Log in to the Crypto.com merchant account Make sure the Test Data button at the menu bar is switched on. Click the Integration tab on the Dashboard menu bar. Copy publishable key and secret key values and paste them into the correspondent fields on the left. Click the Webhooks menu and add a new webhook. Go back to the Crypto.com payment settings page in Ecwid Control Panel and click the “Generate webhook URL” link. Set "Payload URL" for the webhook from the clipboard Copy the Signature Secret of the webhook and paste the value in the field on the left Refer here for how to complete a test payment.  When Crypto.com Pay approves the payment, the checkout window will indicate that the payment has been approved and your order status will also be updated. 
Step 4: Configure Account for LIVE transactions
 Once the payment flow is thoroughly tested, you could enable LIVE transactions by following the steps below: Log in to the Crypto.com merchant account Make sure the Test Data button at the menu bar is switched off. Click the Integration tab on the Dashboard menu bar, generate new API keys for Live Data mode Copy publishable key and secret key values and paste them into the correspondent fields on the left Expand Advanced Settings on the left > untick Enable test mode. Congratulations, you could now accept cryptocurrency payments in Live Data mode.
Step 1: Register Crypto.com Pay Account
 Sign up for a Crypto.com Pay account, if you don't already have one. Once you have access to the Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard, You will be able to generate a secret key and publishable key pair. The API keys can be found inside the Integration > API Keys tab. Navigate to Integration > Webhooks tab. Click the Add Webhook button and then input https://<your-store-url>/Plugins/Crypto/Webhook as the Payload URL, then a signature secret for webhook is generated. 
Step 2: Install the plugin on NopCommerce
 You can download the Crypto.com Pay plugin in NopCommerce Marketplace. 
Step 3: Setup Crypto.com Pay on NopCommerce
 After installing the Crypto.com Pay plugin, you can click Configuration > Payment methods on the navigation menu of the admin panel. You will be able to see “Crypto” on the list, click Configure. If you are testing with Test Data mode in Crypto.com Pay Merchant dashboard, please check Use Sandbox in Configure Page. Otherwise, please leave Use Sandbox unchecked. After that, please fill in secret key, publishable key and webhook signature secret on the page using the values you obtained from Step 1.  Note: Please make sure to select Use Sandbox if you are testing, and please make sure you input the keys and secrets correctly as they are different between Test mode and Live mode. 
Step 4: Verify the flow
 At this point, Crypto.com Pay is fully integrated with your NopCommerce store. But it is recommended to try the payment flow at least once.  For the convenience of testing, you may enable Test Data mode in Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard. By following Step 1 in Test Data mode, you will be able to obtain another set of secret key, publishable key and webhook signature secret.  Refer here for how to complete a test payment.  When Crypto.com Pay approves the payment, the checkout window will indicate that the payment has been approved and your order status will also be updated.  After that, please navigate to the NopCommerce admin panel, follow Step 3 to input the settings and uncheck the Use Sandbox option. Now you are able to test your store without carrying out an actual transaction. 
Step 5: Configure Account for LIVE transactions
 Once the payment flow is thoroughly tested, you could enable LIVE transactions by following the below: Log in to the Crypto.com merchant account Make sure the Test Data button at menu bar is switched off. Click Integration tab on Dashboard menu bar, follow Step 1 at the top of this guide to generate a new set of publishable key and secret key values for Live Data mode. Add then add a new webhook for Live Data mode, copy these keys and secrets. Navigate back to your NopCommerce admin panel. Click Configuration > Payment methods. Click Configure button for the “Crypto” payment option. Uncheck Use Sandbox and fill in secret key, publishable key and webhook signature secret on the page using the values you obtained for Live Data mode. Congratulations, you could now accept cryptocurrency payments in Live Data mode. Step 1. Choose “Crypto.com Pay” as the payment method on the shop’s checkout page. Step 2. Review the Terms and Conditions and Website Terms of Use, and click the “Crypto.com Pay” button (or the “Next” / “Continue” button in the stores) to proceed to checkout.  Step 3. You will either be redirected to or see a popup with Crypto.com Pay’s payment page. Step 4. Select “Crypto.com App” to pay, then a payment QR code is displayed Step 5: Launch the Crypto.com App and tap Pay in Home page. Alternatively, you can open the Super App Menu in the bottom navigational panel and tap Pay. Step 6: Tap Scan and scan the QR code to make your payment. Step 7: Choose a cryptocurrency to pay with and tap Continue to Review. You will receive a rebate (depending on the merchant) if you choose to complete your payment in CRO. Tap Confirm after reviewing the transaction details. Step 8. Congratulations, your purchase has been made!   Step 1. Choose “Crypto.com” as a payment method on the Checkout page.  Step 2. Review the Terms and Conditions and Website Terms of Use, and tap the “Crypto.com Pay” button (or the “Next” / “Continue” button in the stores) to proceed to checkout.  Step 3. You will either be redirected to or see a popup with Crypto.com Pay’s payment page.  Step 4. Select “Crypto.com App” to pay, then tap “Open Crypto.com App”.   Step 5. Choose a cryptocurrency to pay with and tap Continue to Review. You will receive a rebate (depending on the merchant) if you choose to complete your payment in CRO. Tap Confirm after reviewing the transaction details. Step 6. Congratulations, your purchase has been made!  Step 1: Go to a store that accepts “Crypto.com Pay” and select it as your payment method for in-store checkout.  Step 2: Scan the QR code shown in the POS machine  Step 3: Launch the Crypto.com App and tap Pay in Home page. Alternatively, you can open the Super App Menu in the bottom navigational panel and tap Pay.  Step 4: Tap Scan and scan the QR code to make your payment. Step 5: Choose a cryptocurrency to pay with and tap Continue to Review. You will receive a rebate (depending on the merchant) if you choose to complete your payment in CRO. Tap Confirm after reviewing the transaction details. Step 6: Congratulations! You successfully made an in-store purchase using Crypto.com Pay. Choose “Crypto.com Pay” as a payment method on the shop’s checkout page. Agree to the Terms and Conditions and Website Terms of Use, and click the “Crypto.com Pay” button to proceed to checkout. MetaMask and WalletConnect payment options will show up if the merchant supports these on-chain payment options. Select your preferred one to proceed.   Review the terms of using Crypto.com on-chain payment terms and enter your email address. The email address will be used in case a refund is issued from merchant. 5. Select the cryptocurrency you desired to pay with. If you choose to pay in other cryptocurrencies, a swap from the selected currency to CRO might be performed via Crypto.com DeFi Swap.  6. After clicking “Make Payment”, a confirmation will be prompted in your wallet app. Please approve the transaction.  7. After the first confirmation of your transaction occurred in the network, the following screen will be displayed. The payment will be confirmed after the 12th confirmation occurred in the network.  8. Congratulations, your purchase has been made!  Choose “Crypto.com Pay” as a payment method on the shop’s checkout page. Agree to the Terms and Conditions and Website Terms of Use, and click the “Crypto.com Pay” button to proceed to checkout. The “Other cryptocurrency wallets” payment option will show up if the merchant supports on-chain payment options.  Review the terms of using Crypto.com on-chain payment terms and enter your email address. The email address will be used in case a refund is issued from the merchant. 5. Select the cryptocurrency you desired to pay with.   6. Input the crypto amount, chain type, and recipient address (including Memo if choosing Crypto.org Chain) on your crypto wallet.  Alternatively, you can scan the QR code using your crypto wallet, to input the payment information automatically.  7. After the first confirmation of your transaction occurred in the network, the following screen will be displayed. The payment will be confirmed after the 12th confirmation occurred in the network.  8. Congratulations, your purchase has been made!  There are multiple instances in the payment flow that currencies are involved. They are: 
Pricing Currencies
 When you create a payment request on Crypto.com Pay, you need to specify currency and amount. That is the pricing currency, the currency in which your products and services are priced.  Crypto.com Pay calculates the exchange rate between the pricing currency and the cryptocurrency customers choose to pay; and then charges the customer with the amount needed. Hence, the pricing currency is often used for reference only, it may not be involved in the actual transaction.  Check this list for Pricing Currencies supported by Crypto.com Pay: What Are the Supported Pricing Currencies? 
Payment Currencies
 Payment Currencies are the cryptocurrencies that your customers can choose to pay.  The full list of Pricing Currencies supported by Crypto.com Pay: What Are the Supported Payment Currencies?  If the selected payment currency is different from the pricing currency, a conversion will be done automatically on the customers' end. The conversion rate will be based on the market rate at payment time, with no additional fees charged by Crypto.com Pay. If the payment currency is the same or equivalent to the pricing currency, then no conversion is needed. For example: Pricing Currency Payment Currency Conversion Needed EUR CRO Yes EUR USDC Yes USD URO Yes USD USDC or TUSD No (1:1) USD USDT Yes CRO CRO No ETH ETH No
Settlement Currencies
 Settlement Currencies Crypto.com Pay for Business can settle with merchants in various fiat and cryptocurrencies. They are shown on the Balance page and the Payout feature on the Merchant Dashboard.  Check this list for Settlement Currencies supported by Crypto.com Pay: What Are the Supported Settlement Currencies?  Merchant can set their Default Wallet Currency on the Settings page. When we receive payments from customers, we will credit the corresponding wallet in the merchants' account, according to the following logic: When “Credit all payments to default currency wallet” is turned on, convert and credit all payments into selected Default Wallet Currency. The conversion rate will be based on the market rate at payment time, with no additional fees charged by Crypto.com Pay.  When “Credit all payments to default currency wallet” is turned off, if pricing currency is one of the available wallet currencies for the merchant on the Balance page, credit to that wallet. In this case, we guarantee the amount credited will be the same as the amount you priced. Otherwise, convert and credit to Default Wallet Currency. For example: Pricing Currency Default Wallet Currency Credit Currency Conversion Needed GBP EUR, Credit all EUR Yes ETH EUR, Credit all EUR Yes GBP EUR GBP No ETH EUR ETH No USD USD, Credit all USD No USD USD USD No HKD USD, Credit all USD Yes HKD USD USD Yes
Refund Currencies
 Similar to payments, refunds are made in cryptocurrencies as well. As there could be price changes in the cryptocurrency paid, Crypto.com Pay guarantees the refund cryptocurrency amount to be the same value as the original pricing value (excluding blockchain network fees, if applicable)  If you need more information about the process and supported currencies for refund, please refer to How to Initiate Refunds / Partial Refunds to Customers? for merchant side, and How to Get a Refund? for customer side. Crypto.com Pay for Business supports the following Settlement Currencies for our merchants: 
Fiat Currencies *
 Currencies Min. Settlement Amount USD 100 USD EUR * 130 EUR AUD 150 AUD * Bank account must be in SEPA countries. See list of SEPA countries in here.  For fiat currencies payout, a transmittance fee may be applied depending on the intermediaries between your bank and our fiduciary partners. These are third parties that handle the wire transfer across countries and are outside of our control. Our fiduciary partners facilitate transfers to most of the international banks around the world. 
Cryptocurrencies
 Currencies Min. Settlement Amount Transfer made via Bitcoin (BTC) 0.01 BTC Bitcoin blockchain Ethereum (ETH) 0.1 ETH Ethereum Network Cronos (CRO) 500 CRO Ethereum Network USD Coin (USDC) 100 USDC Ethereum Network True USD (TUSD) 100 TUSD Ethereum Network True AUD (TAUD) 150 TAUD Ethereum Network True CAD (TCAD) 150 TCAD Ethereum Network True CAD (TGBP) 80 TGBP Ethereum Network A minimum blockchain transaction fee can be applied for small settlement amount. Please login to Merchant Dashboard and check the payout page for more details. In Crypto.com Pay for Business, merchant can price their products and services in the following currencies: Fiat Currencies Cryptocurrencies USD BTC EUR ETH GBP CRO COP  CHF  HKD  SGD  AUD  CAD  KRW  SEK  CNY  TRY  RON  JPY  NOK  MYR  BRL  DKK  ZAR  BGN  THB  INR  TWD  PHP  IDR  MOP  MDL  SAR  MXN  CLP  Crypto.com Pay for Business can help merchants to accept on-chain payments from MetaMask, WalletConnect and other cryptocurrency wallets. 
Enable On-chain Payments Support
 Please go to Crypto.com Pay Merchant Dashboard and update your Payment Method preference in the “Settings” page*. By activating the payment method in settings on your merchant dashboard, you may already start accepting payments from other wallets. No technical changes are required.  *Please note that this feature is currently not available to US merchants. 
Unresolved Payments
 Crypto.com Pay for Business only proceeds with a payment if the customer sent the exact amount within a predefined timeframe. This means in other cases, Crypto.com treats these as unresolved payments, meaning your payment would not be “succeeded” and your balance will not increase. However, you don’t have to worry about them because Crypto.com will handle the return of these funds back to the customer.  The unresolved payment types are: Underpaid - when the customer sent less amount of crypto than requested Late - when the customer sent the crypto after the session time (20 mins for BTC, 10 mins for other cryptocurrencies) Multiple - when a new transaction has arrived after the payment had already be processed Wrong Currency - when the customer sent a coin other than our What Are the Supported Payment Currencies? (Refund is not guaranteed, it will be reviewed on a case by case basis)  You can view these unresolved payments in the “Payments” → “Unresolved” page of Merchant Dashboard.  Please note that there is another scenario called “Overpaid” - which happens when the customer sent more than requested. In this case, only the overpaid amount will be returned to the customer (e.g. Customer paid 102 USDC for a product priced in $100 → 2 USDC will be returned to customer).  Blockchain network fees apply to these refund transactions. To understand more about customer experience in the refund flow, please refer to How to get a Refund? . 
Underpayment Threshold
 As mentioned above, underpaid transactions will be refunded. This could bring inconvenience to the user if a payment is only underpaid by a little.  Cryptocurrencies exchanges charge fees for withdrawals, and a majority of them deduct the fee from the amount transferred. Your customers may not aware that the net amount received would be less than the amount sent.  After the on-chain payments method is enabled, the Underpayment Threshold settings will show up. Merchant can set an acceptance threshold to avoid payments not being accepted.   If you would like to initiate a refund, you can log in to Crypto.com Merchant Dashboard, select Payments, then click on the relevant transaction, and finally, click the “Refund” button and enter the refund amount. For payments made using Crypto.com App, we will send the refund directly back to the customers' app account.  For on-chain payments, we will email the customer to ask for a valid wallet address before proceeding with the refund process. It takes some time before the customer provides the wallet address. Once we have the address, the refund will be processed.  Similar to payments, refunds are made in cryptocurrencies as well. As there could be price changes in the cryptocurrency paid, Crypto.com Pay guarantees the refund cryptocurrency amount to be the same value as the original pricing value (excluding blockchain network fees, if applicable) If you need more information about refunds on the customer side, please refer to How to Get a Refund?
How does the subscription feature work?
 The Crypto.com Pay subscription feature helps your businesses to collect subscription payments from your customers at regular intervals. The subscription payment amount can be specified in any fiat currencies (e.g. 10 USD). Once the payment of each period is captured, the cryptocurrency will be converted into a fiat or cryptocurrency balance according to your merchant currency settings. Both you and your customers can cancel the subscription anytime. Subscription is only available to customers using Crypto.com App. 
How do I create a subscription?
 A subscription composes of a customer record, a product record (and its pricing plan) information. Please refer to our API documentation on how to create these records in your server: https://pay-docs.crypto.com/ Product and pricing information can be created in the Merchant Dashboard as well. 
Subscription Payment Page
 After creating a subscription, you will get a subscription payment page URL link. You should redirect your customers to this page. The page will guide your customers to select the cryptocurrency to pay for and approve the subscription via the Crypto.com App. Once it is approved, payment of the first billing period will be collected right away. In subsequent billing periods, payments will be automatically created and collected (provided your customers have sufficient funds in their Crypto.com App wallet). 
Subscription Payment in Crypto.com App
 Your customers can scan the QR code on the subscription payment page to finish the order.
Subscriptions Management
 You can review the active subscriptions in the Merchant Dashboard.
How Do I Generate Crypto.com Pay Invoices?
 Log in to your merchant account and tap the “Invoices” button on the navigation bar at your merchant dashboard. And then, tap the “+ New Invoices” button.  2. Fill in the fields such as recipient’s email, due date, fiat currency, item(s), quantity, union price, note and internal reference.  You will be able to preview the invoice before sending by hitting the “Preview” button on the top right hand corner.  3. Tap the “Send Invoice” button to send your Crypto.com Pay Invoice via email.   The recipient will be able to receive the invoice instantly and pay by hitting the “Crypto.com Pay” button.  The recipient will then be able to settle the invoice by scanning the QR code using the Crypto Pay feature in the Crypto.com App. To know more about the payment steps, please refer to this article (start from step 3).  4. You will now be able to view the status and other details of your invoice(s).     Crypto.com Pay provides an easy fiat on-ramp service by enabling customers to buy cryptos with credit cards/debit cards with a lightweight KYC process. The crypto purchased will be sent straight to the customer’s self-custody wallets. 
Where can I buy cryptos using Crypto.com Pay?
 You can buy cryptos with Crypto.com Pay from the following Platform: Crypto.com Defi Wallet
What are the supported payment currencies & methods?
 You can pay with the following currencies: USD You can pay with the following payment methods: Credit Card / Debit Card (MasterCard and Visa)
What cryptos can I buy?
 You can buy the following cryptos on the supported networks: Crypto Supported Networks BTC Bitcoin Blockchain (Estimated processing time: 60 minutes) ETH Ethereum (Estimated processing time: 15 minutes) CRO Ethereum (Estimated processing time: 15 minutes)
What are the supported countries?
 Anyone aged 18 or above with a supported card in the following countries can use Crypto.com Pay’s on-ramp service: United States, except the following states: Hawaii, Nevada, New York, Texas.
How much does it charge?
 Crypto.com Pay charges 3.99% transaction fee plus the network fee (subject to the network chosen).
How to buy cryptos using Crypto.com Pay?
 Create your order via one of the Platform mentioned above. Get redirected to Crypto.com Pay. Preview the order details, and sign in / up with your email address.  Verify your email with the One-Time Password (OTP) that is sent to your email.(If you did not receive the email, check your spam folder / other folders; if you still cannot find it, please contact [email protected] for assistance)  If the email address has not used this service before, you will be asked to provide the following information; otherwise, you will skip this step. Personal Details (refer to the Appendix below for more information)  Payment Details Billing Address Confirm your order details, including your wallet address. Press “Pay Now” button to check out.(Note: Please beware of the quotation valid period, which is indicated by the countdown next to the Order Details label; if you cannot complete your payment before the quotation expires, you will encounter timeout error and you will have to try again.) Upon successful payment, you will see a success message and receive a receipt email.  You will receive email notification when the crypto purchased is sent to your wallet. * Appendix - the Personal Details required depends on your 24-hour transaction volume:  United States Customers 24-hour Transaction Volume Information Required USD 1,000 or below First Name, Last Name, Date of Birth USD 1,000 to USD 2,999 (Current 24-hour transaction limit is USD 2,999) Social Security Number (SSN)  There are two types of reports that you can use for finance and accounting purposes. 
A. Payment Report
 Go to ‘Payments’ → Export  Choose time range for desired transaction data:  Data Category Remarks Example Time(UTC) Payment complete time YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss UTC Payment ID The unique identifier for each transaction in Crypto.com Pay 1ac46d4c-5fed-4ca2-9d00-2739ca073931 Merchant Order ID The order reference number you provided while creating the payment #12345ABCDE;can be empty Status The status of the payment Succeeded; Refunded; Partial Refund Pricing Currency The currency you used to price the product/service USD Amount Refunded The amount you have refunded or partially refunded to customer any amount ≤ total amount;= 0 if this payment is not refunded Net Amount The remaining amount after refund or partial refund any amount ≤ total amount;= 0 if this payment is fully refunded Fee Transaction fee any amount ≤ total amount Credit Currency The balance currency you choose to credit this payment USD Credit Amount The original amount credited to your balance (before any refund or partial refund) = the successful payment amount Description The description provided for this payment customisable; can be empty
B. Balance Report
 Go to ‘Balances’ → Transaction History → Export  Choose time range for desired balance data:  Data Category Remarks Example Id Unique system record for each balance change abd69d88-b0ab-4022-8353-265e54dbeb92 Type Type of the balance transaction Payment: successful paymentRefund: refund or partial refundConversion: transfers from/to another balance currencyPayout: payout transactions Source Id Original transaction ID for payment, refund, etc. 6a9b6a59-db6b-4ec5-9804-4456694a8ba5 Wallet Amount The amount that makes balance increase or decrease = the amount of each transaction (equivalent in Wallet Currency) Fee Transaction fee any amount ≤ total amount Wallet Currency The wallet currency you are looking at USD Pricing Amount The face amount of the transaction = the face amount of each transaction Pricing Currency If it is a payment transaction: Currency means the pricing currency;If it is a wallet balance conversion transaction: Currency means the original currency of the transaction EUR Merchant Order ID The order reference number you provided while creating the payment #12345ABCDE;can be empty Time(UTC) Time when the transaction is successfully credited or debited YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm:ss UTC Description The description for each transaction Details of the transaction; can be empty
Orders Information
 If you haven't received your Order Confirmation email, please check your Junk mail folder. If you can't locate the email, please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number in the subject line, and we'll help you out as soon as possible.  After placing your order, you can find your order information in the Order Confirmation email sent to your registered email. If you can't locate the email, please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number in the subject line, and we'll help you out as soon as possible.  If you can't locate the Order Confirmation email, please send us an email at [email protected] and we'll help you out as soon as possible.  Please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number in the subject line, and we'll help you out as soon as possible. 
Order Tracking
 You'll receive a Shipping Confirmation email once your order is on its way. Included in the email is a tracking link to view the live tracking. If you can’t find the tracking number, please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number in the subject line, and we'll help you out as soon as possible.  Please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number in the subject line, and we'll help you out as soon as possible. 
Order Delayed
 We dislike delays as much as you do. Rest assured, we’re working round the clock to get your order to you ASAP. The reason for the delay and an estimated time of arrival can be found on your tracking page. 
Order Missing
 You can check the status of your order’s shipment using the tracking link from your Order Confirmation email. If you don’t see any updates on the shipment, or if it’s taking longer than expected, please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number in the subject line, and we'll help you out as soon as possible. 
Order Change
 We do not allow changes to existing orders. If you wish to swap sizes or products, please cancel your order and place a new order on the site.  We do not allow changes to existing orders. If you wish to swap sizes or products, please cancel your order and place a new order on the site.  We can only change the shipping address within an hour of when the order is placed. Please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number, and we’ll help you out as soon as possible. 
Order Cancellation
 To cancel your order, please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number and ‘Cancellation request’ in the subject line, and we'll help you out as soon as possible. You can only cancel an order if the order has not yet been shipped.  To cancel an order depends on whether the order has been fulfilled by our warehouse. Please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number and ‘Cancellation request’ in the subject line, and we'll help you out as soon as possible.
General Shipping FAQs
 Shipping is free for all Crypto.com apparel orders. We only offer free standard shipping at this time. Please allow for additional shipping time around the holidays. Please note: During particularly busy periods, such as holidays, orders may take a little longer to get to you.  We ship to all countries, but here’s a list for visualization purposes: Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands Croatia Cyprus Czechia Denmark El Salvador Estonia Finland France French Polynesia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Ireland Israel Italy Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Macao Malaysia Malta Mexico Montenegro New Zealand Norway Panama Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Réunion Romania San Marino Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Vietnam 
Estimated Shipping Times
 Standard shipping to our Mainland UK friends will take 3-5 business days (it may take a few extra days to deliver to islands and BFPO addresses). We will send a tracking number so you can watch your package’s journey.  Standard shipping to our US friends will take 4-5 business days. We will send a tracking number so you can watch your package’s journey. Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont 2-3 Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maine, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin 3-4 Colorado, Florida, Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, Wyoming 3-5 Alaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington 4-5 Standard shipping to our Canadian friends will take 2-8 business days. We will send a tracking number so you can watch your package’s journey. Greater Toronto Area 1 Ontario 1-2 Montréal 1-2 Queen’s Counsel 2 The Maritimes 2-3 Saskatchewan (SK)/Manitoba (MB) 3-4 Alberta 4-5 Greater Vancouver Area 4-5 British Columbia 4-5 Rest of Canada 2-8 Standard shipping to our EMEA friends will take 3-5 business days. We will send a tracking number so you can watch your package’s journey.  Standard shipping to our JAPAC friends will take 7-9 business days. We will send a tracking number so you can watch your package’s journey.  Standard shipping to our LATAM friends will take 7-9 business days. We will send a tracking number so you can watch your package’s journey.  Standard shipping to our Australian friends will take 2-3 business days. We will send a tracking number so you can watch your package’s journey.  Delivery to PO Boxes is not available at the moment.  If your order is shipping to an incorrect address, please email [email protected] with 'Shipping address change' in the subject line.  Unfortunately, no. The country in the billing address must be the same as the delivery address in order for us to complete the order.
Product
 You can learn all about our products on their individual product pages. Couldn’t find what you’re looking for? Email us at [email protected].  You can find the pictures and a 3D scan of our collection on each product’s page.  Our sizes are unisex. Please refer to our size guide for more details.  All Crypto.com apparel is limited edition. Keep your eyes on our Instagram or Twitter to find out when we’ve restocked or released a new drop. 
Billing
Payment Methods
 We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, JCB, Discover, and Diners Club credit cards or debit cards. We also accept cryptocurrencies via Crypto.com Pay. Unfortunately, we cannot accept checks or cash orders.  Check that your card’s billing details, such as the security code and billing address, match what you’ve entered into our system. Please retry with another payment method if needed.  If your card is charged twice, please send us an email at [email protected] with your Order Number in the subject line, and we'll help you out as soon as possible.  Your credit card will be charged as soon as your order is accepted and processed.  Here are a few things to check if your payment didn’t go through:  Check that your card’s billing details, such as the security code and billing address, match what you’ve entered into our system. Please retry with another payment method if needed.  All orders are tax exclusive. Import duty is a tax imposed by a government on goods from other countries and may be applied when you receive the goods. Import duties differ for every country. 
Return & Refund Policy
 All purchases made on Crypto.com Shop have a 30-day return policy from the date of delivery. Return items must be new and unwashed.  To be eligible for a return, your item must be in the same condition that you received it — unworn and unused, with tags, and in its original packaging. You’ll also need the receipt or proof of purchase.  To start a return, you can contact us at [email protected].  If your return is accepted, we’ll send you a return shipping label, as well as instructions on how and where to send your package. Items sent back to us without first requesting a return will not be accepted. Order Number must be provided to place a return, and you will be refunded in full to your original form of payment.  We do not accept exchanges. If you wish to swap sizes or products, please return your items and place a new order on the site.  If you received a product different from the one that you ordered, we apologise! Please contact us at [email protected], and we’ll be sure to get you the Crypto.com swag you ordered!  Refund processing takes 5-10 business days after receipt of the returned item.  Credit card refunds usually take 5-10 business days to appear on your statement.  We do not accept exchanges. If you wish to swap sizes or products, please return your items and place a new order on the site. 
Promo Codes
 We occasionally run promotions and offers. Stay tuned on our Instagram or Twitter for the next campaign!  Please contact us at [email protected] — we’ll be happy to help!  Please contact us at [email protected] — we’ll be happy to help!  Please contact us at [email protected] — we’ll be happy to help!  Please contact us at [email protected] — we’ll be happy to help! The CRO Token is listed on the following cryptocurrency exchanges: ABCC - https://abcc.com/Trading pair: CRO/BTC Bibox - https://www.bibox.com/Trading pair: CRO/BTC BigOne Exchange - https://big.one/Trading pairs: CRO/USDT &CRO/BTC Bithumb Global - https://global.bithumb.pro/Trading pair: CRO/BTC Bithumb - https://en.bithumb.com/Trading pair: CRO/KRW Biki.com - http://biki.com/Trading pair: CRO/USDT Bittrex International - https://international.bittrex.com/Trading pair: CRO/BTC Coin Tiger Exchange - https://www.cointiger.com/en-us/#/indexTrading pair: CRO/BTC CPDAX - https://cpdax.com/mainTrading pairs: CRO/KRW Dcoin - https://www.dcoin.com/Trading pair: CRO/BTC DDEX - https://ddex.io/Trading pair: CRO/WETH Digifinex - https://www.digifinex.com/ Trading pair: CRO/BTC Gate.io - http://gate.io/Trading pair: CRO/USDT GOPAX - https://www.gopax.co.kr/Trading pairs: CRO/BTC, HitBTC - https://hitbtc.com/Trading pair: CRO/BTC, CRO/ETH, CRO/USDT Huobi Global - https://www.hbg.com/en-us/exchange/Trading pair: CRO/BTC, CRO/HT, CRO/USDT IDEX - https://idex.market/eth/idexTrading pair: CRO/ETH INDODAX - https://indodax.com/Trading pair: CRO/IDR KuCoin - https://www.kucoin.com/Trading pair: CRO/BTC OceanEX - https://oceanex.pro/en/Trading pair: CRO/BTC OKEX - https://www.okex.com/lang/en-US/Trading pair: CRO/USDT ZB- ZB.comTrading pair: CRO/USDT, CRO/QC Upbit- https://upbit.com/homeTrading pair: CRO/KRW, CRO/BTC Coinone - https://coinone.co.kr/ Trading pair: CRO/KRW We are working on adding new exchanges, so be sure to check this link for the most up-to-date list.
What are the benefits of staking CRO?
 Staking CRO on the App will give you the following benefits: Reserve one of our premium metal Crypto.comVisa cards Receive Crypto Wallet Benefits i.e. Purchase Rebates, Extra Card Cashback Enjoy better APR in Crypto Credit and Crypto Earn CRO Stake Rewards: Receive CRO at 4% p.a. for Jade Green or Royal Indigo, 8% p.a. for Frosted Rose Gold, Icy White and Obsidian tiers while the amount is staked. For details of different levels of benefits in relation to the amount of staked CRO, please refer to the Crypto.com Cards section of our website.  CRO rebate when you pay trading fees with CRO 10% APR interest paid daily Access to The Syndicate Referral Program bonus Pay Benefits CRO Staked Maker Discount Rate Taker Rate Interest APR Syndicate Pay Benefits ≥ 1,000 3% off 3% off 0% ❌ ❌ ≥ 5,000 5% off 5% off 0% ✔️ ❌ ≥ 10,000 8% off 8% off 0% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 50,000 Zero 12% off 4% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 100,000 0.01 bps Rebate 15% off 4% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 500,000 0.02 bps Rebate 20% off 8% ✔️ ≥ 1,000,000 0.05 bps Rebate 25% off 8% ✔️ ✔️ ≥ 5,000,000 0.10 bps Rebate 30% off 8% ✔️ ✔️ We have hired and will hire world-class talents. At this stage, we have made the effort to build the team in Hong Kong (as much as possible) to ensure we have a strong core with a great working culture that aligns with our vision and objectives. We have an office in Singapore, our launch market, close to our key partners.  We will preserve our culture as we roll out globally and, therefore, we are very selective in who joins. Currently, we have around 1500+ employees, and we’re still expanding.  For bios of our Team, you can refer to the About part of our website.  Our logo represents the Ethereum Lion.  The lion as our symbol, symbolizes strength, trust and courage. As a company, we have operations in Hong Kong (where the lion is a symbol of the largest bank) and Singapore (also known as the "Lion City" derived from Malay singa ("lion") and pura ("city")) - therefore, the symbolism is close to our hearts. A bit of history as well...The Electrum Lion: The earliest coins were not made of gold or silver but of electrum, a naturally occurring gold-silver alloy. The electrum lion coins of ancient Lydia, considered the world’s first true coins, are thought to date from about 610–560 bc feature the Lydian kings’ emblem -  a roaring lion.    In October of 2017, we removed the asset contract from our roadmap due to changes in the regulatory environment. To initially compensate for this, the Card Cashback rates were increased to up to 2%.  Removal of the asset contract allowed us to be able to list on several large exchanges, which would otherwise not be possible, and the exchanges will not face challenges from their respective regulators in the future in relation to the MCO token.  We acted pre-emptively and in the spirit of doing things the right way - this has led to the removal of asset contracts from most utility tokens.  With the release of the revised Whitepaper on 6 July 2018 (further modified in September 2019), we have highlighted and detailed additional MCO token utility covering our products:  Crypto.com Visa Card Crypto.com Wallet App Crypto Earn Crypto Credit All information about transactions are stored on our processing platform (similarly to what you would expect from your bank). Security is always a top priority; as such, access to the information is restricted. Occasionally, Crypto.com receives inquiries about its customers from Law Enforcement Authorities (LEAs) around the world. This page aims to provide basic guidance to LEAs on how to submit such requests and what information needs to be included in the request for it to be processed timely and efficiently.  Information Requests for criminal matters should be sent directly to the Law Enforcement Requests handling team at [email protected].  Upon receipt, Crypto.com will send an acknowledgement advising receipt of the request and providing an assigned reference number. Crypto.com reviews each request to determine its validity and its compliance with the relevant local jurisdictional legal and regulatory requirements. We typically aim to respond to LEAs requests within 30 days after receipt. However, response times may vary depending upon the scope of the request and the types of records requested.  In accordance with the regulatory requirements for cross-border access to personal data by law enforcement authorities and the requirements for the transfer of personal data set by the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation 2016/679 of the EU), Crypto.com reserves the right to direct LEAs to the applicable local mutual legal assistance procedures.  To expedite the processing of your request, please ensure that it meets the following requirements: An official request from the Authority in English language, such as a subpoena or court order Full name, title, mailing address, email address and phone number of the person and/or entity issuing the request are included Relevant identifiers such as transaction hashes and addresses, full name, date of birth, email, phone number of the person subject to the request are included to help us narrow our search within our database A reasonable deadline if necessary
Account Protection Programme – Policy guide
 Important note: This policy document is to be read in conjunction with the relevant Crypto.com App or Exchange Terms and Conditions (T&Cs) that relate to the Account Protection Programme (APP). To the extent there is any inconsistency between this Policy Guide and the respective Terms and Conditions, the relevant T&Cs shall prevail.  This policy document is issued by Foris DAX AU Pty Ltd, Foris DAX Asia Pte Ltd, Foris DAX MT Limited, Foris DAX BR Ltda, Foris DAX Inc, Foris DAX TR Teknoloji A.Ş., CRO DAX Limited (Crypto.com as the case may be) for users who have satisfied all the necessary KYC requirements. The policy may vary across other markets, which are listed here. 
What is the APP?
 This policy document implements the APP for you as a user of the Crypto.Com App and/or Crypto.com Exchange. If you suffer an unauthorised transaction, we determine at our discretion that the policy applies to that transaction. You may be eligible for goodwill protection up to a maximum limit of USD 250,000 equivalent. 
What is covered by the APP?
 These events are covered by the APP: Description: Examples: Unauthorised withdrawal of Digital Assets from your crypto wallet As a result of a hack or a phishing attack, someone gains access to your account and transfers your Digital Assets to their or any other third party’s wallet. Unauthorized withdrawal of fiat currency from your fiat wallet As a result of a hack or a phishing attack, someone gains access to your account and: Uses cash from your fiat wallet to purchase Digital Assets which they then transfer to their own or a third party wallet; or Transfers fiat currency from your fiat wallet to their own or a third party bank account
What is not covered by APP?
 These events are not covered by APP: Description: Examples: You are deceived into authorizing a transaction. Someone convinces you to transfer crypto or fiat to him/her and then you discover you have been defrauded.   You befriend a person online who convinces you to make a transaction to them.    You mistakenly authorize a transaction. You copy and paste the wrong public key address when transferring Digital Assets from your crypto wallet to the Crypto.com App. There is an unauthorized transaction without any external transfers or conversions. Someone hacks into your account and converts all your CRO tokens to ETH, but no funds have been transferred out of your Crypto.com App account. You have committed or attempted to commit fraud or abuse. You grant a third-party access to your Digital Assets or fiat currency in contravention of the T&Cs and/or to facilitate an unauthorised transaction.
Making a claim
 To initiate an APP relief application, click ‘Contact Support’ to send us a message. 
Minimum conditions for relief
 At a minimum, you must have: enabled Multi-Factor Authentication (“MFA”) for all types of Transaction for which MFA is available at least 21 days prior to the alleged Unauthorised Transaction(s). enabled an Anti-Phishing Code in the Crypto.com App (which identifies whether emails appearing to be from us are genuine) at least 21 days prior to the alleged unauthorized transaction(s). enabled 24-Hour Withdrawal Lock for newly whitelisted addresses. not jailbroken your Enabled Device. filed a police report locally in relation to the alleged unauthorized transaction and provided a translated copy of that report if it is not in the English language. completed a security questionnaire from us to support a forensic investigation, and satisfied us that your responses are true. contacted us to initiate an APP relief within 30 working days of the occurrence of the Unauthorised Transaction(s). maintained your account in good standing, absent of any pending investigation. suffered loss or damage because part or all of your (A) Digital Assets and/or (B) fiat currency (or a combination thereof), were transferred out from your Crypto.com App or Exchange by an unauthorized third party.
Our determination
 If you have satisfied the minimum conditions; provided us with all the requisite information that we may request, and we are satisfied with the forensic investigation, we may decide that you will have goodwill protection for part or all of your losses. We will pay you in accordance with this policy and the T&Cs.  In accepting any APP relief from us, you agree that (i) we reserve the right to set off any outstanding funds that you may owe us and (ii) waive any claims or rights you may have against us for the full value of the unauthorized transaction.  We reserve the right to rescind any payments made pursuant to this APP if we subsequently determine that any information that you have provided was untrue, or that your conduct involved bad faith, dishonesty, or fraud. 
Recovery calculations
 Notwithstanding our right to amend the APP, recovery calculations are currently calculated as follows: Transaction type Recovery method Recovery limit Unauthorized Digital Asset transaction We will give you the amount of the Digital Asset(s) that is part of or equal to the amount of the unauthorized transaction. The price of the Digital Assets when we give them to you must not exceed USD 250,000. Unauthorized transactions  involving fiat currency We will give you the amount that is part of or equal to the amount of that unauthorized transaction. If USD is the currency of the unauthorized transaction, the recovery limit is USD 250,000. Otherwise, the limit is the equivalent of USD 250,000 in the currency of the unauthorized transaction, calculated at the conversion rate as of the date we give you the currency.
Account Protection Programme - Available Countries
 Australia Austria Belgium Brazil (See Portuguese Version) Bulgaria Denmark Finland France Greece Hong Kong Ireland Italy New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey U.A.E For further information, please contact us at [email protected].
What is Proof of Reserves?
 Proof of Reserves (PoR) is a way to ensure that a platform holds enough assets to cover all of its client account balances. To read more about what PoR is and how it works, please check out this Crypto.com University article. 
What is a Merkle Tree?
 A Merkle Tree is an anonymized proof of client balances, allowing anyone to cryptographically verify that the exchange holds their funds and that their account balances are included in the PoR. The Merkle Tree is created and maintained by an independent auditor. To read more about how Merkle Trees could be applied in proof-of-reserves, please check out this Crypto.com University article. 
Who is conducting the PoR for Crypto.com? Why have you selected them?
 The verification was conducted by Mazars Group, a leading international audit, tax, and advisory firm employing more than 44,000 professionals in more than 90 countries. 
How to verify my Crypto.com account balances were included in the PoR?
 Crypto.com customers who opened an account before the PoR audit are able to independently verify that their account balances for audited tokens have been included in the PoR. For a step-by-step guide, please visit https://crypto.com/proof-of-reserves. 
What account balances are included in the PoR audit? When are the balance snapshots taken?
 The account balances for Crypto.com App as well as Crypto.com Exchange are included. Crypto.com customers could log in to their App or Exchange account, and check the balances included in the PoR audit. For more instructions on how to verify your balances are included in the PoR, please visit https://crypto.com/proof-of-reserves. 
Which tokens are included in the verification?
 Mazars Group compared the assets held in on-chain addresses proven to be controlled by Crypto.com with customer balances through an auditor-overseen live query of a production database as of December 7, 2022, 00:00:00 UTC. The results of the reserve ratio of audited assets were as follows: BTC, ETH, USDC, USDT, LINK, DOGE, SHIB, XRP, MANA. At Crypto.com we’re committed to Security. We are the first crypto company to achieve some of the industry's highest security standards. We’re constantly investing heavily in our people, technology, and processes to maintain the highest standards.  As an industry leader, we believe we have an obligation to share our best knowledge and good practices with our customers.  Regardless if you’re an experienced Crypto.com Exchange trader, heavy Crypto.com App user, Crypto.com DeFi Wallet storer or are planning to start your journey with crypto this very moment - Cybersecurity and Privacy threats are real and the same for everyone. 
The most common bad habits
 The device unlock sequence/passcode is the same as Crypto.com App or Crypto.com DeFi Wallet Passing around Crypto.com Visa  Card when meeting friends so that they can feel its premium finishing before ordering it too Crypto.com DeFi Wallet recovery phrase is kept on the same device as the Wallet App Crypto.com App/Exchange accounts shared the same password as the registered email account The same email address is used for various crypto wallets, services and exchanges The app used for Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) is installed on the same device as the Crypto.com App
DO’s and DON’Ts
 When it comes to your privacy and security, there’s not much room left for convenience. These are the priority aspects for which it is worth making compromises. Always set a unique passcode and/or pattern lock for your phone, Crypto.com App and Crypto.com DeFi Wallet This will help protect your data and funds in case you lose your device. Use a unique email address to register an accountWorks best when paired with anti-phishing code. Use strong and unique passwords (consider installing password management software)With a password manager, you can free your mind from having to remember multiple password combinations. Just make sure your master password is strong yet easy for you to remember, like phrases that are only meaningful to you. Never publish or share the backside of your Crypto.com Visa Card with anyone Make sure to always pay with a card yourself. Avoid sharing your card with others at social gatherings. Do not share credentials to your account(s) like MFA, PIN or password with anyoneNo one from Crypto.com will ever ask for your login credentials, private keys, MFA security codes or recovery phrases, no matter which mode of communication you use to communicate with us. Do not store your MFA recovery code and Crypto.com DeFi Wallet recovery phrase on the same device you use to access our productsMulti-medium backup is a standard that will help you to conveniently recover access to your account in case of loss of device with your Multi-factor Authentication. Do not store passwords and logins in an unencrypted formDon't sacrifice security for momentary convenience. One cannot predict the exact timing for accidental device loss or an unauthorized, 3rd party access attempt. You must always be prepared and protected. At Crypto.com, we put security first, always. Security and data privacy assessments are built into our processes, so you can rest assured that your funds are safe with us.  That said, you also have an important role to play when it comes to securing your account, which is why we put together a helpful list of best practices for you to apply when accessing Crypto.com from your device. 
Keep your Crypto.com account and funds safe
 Avoid using public WiFi networks and poorly-secured connections. These networks can be used to steal login credentials, credit card numbers, and other sensitive information when you’re connected. Always use your own device when accessing any of your accounts. Shared devices can be set up to access personal data, like tracking and collecting passwords from users. Install our apps from the Apple App Store and Google Play only. Apps downloaded from unknown sources might contain malware. Cryptography protects us from unwanted hacking and data breaches. Always double check your deposit/withdrawal details. Avoid typing the transaction details manually. Access to your Exchange account API Key allows other people to move funds and assets on your behalf. With API access permission, third-party apps or services can execute trades, diversify funds, and collect account data. Be sure to verify who has access to your Exchange account API Key (if you use it). Once you stopped using a service provider, remove their access.
Keep your devices safe
 Remember to activate Anti-Phishing Codes for your App and Exchange accounts. This protects you from phishing attacks that look like emails from Crypto.com. Also, remember to log off online sessions and clear the browser cache after that. Install antivirus software on every device you use. Windows comes standard with Windows Defender, which provides a layer of protection. Macbooks generally offer good protection against viruses by default, but it’s always a good idea to avoid suspicious-looking websites and emails. You should always hover over a link to double-check where it is actually taking you. Keep your system and apps updated to the most recent version. Always install updates when they become available. You can also check if your Crypto.com App is the latest version by going to the App Store or Google Play. It’s important to update to the latest version because it may contain important security features. Remove file and printer sharing for your computer, especially when it is connected to the internet. File or printer sharing can give malicious third parties access to sensitive information. Set a schedule for backing up your critical data. You can use Google Drive or other popular cloud storage solutions to back up your important files. Use Multi-Factor Authentication. Using MFA, such as Google Authenticator or Okta, adds an extra layer of security to your account.
Twitter
 Verified Twitter accounts that are of public interest have a blue verified badge. If an account claims to represent Crypto.com but does not have the blue badge, please get in touch with us to confirm its authenticity.  For additional security, consider changing the default security and privacy settings of your Twitter account to the following:  Two-factor authentication > On (adds an extra layer of account security) Additional password protection > On (allows for additional security for your login credentials) Filter low-quality messages > On (filters out spam, suspicious messages, and links) Allow message requests from everyone > Off (avoids unwanted message requests from random accounts and potential malicious third parties) Apps and sessions > Review for unknown devices (double-check that active sessions are only from devices that you are aware of) 
Telegram
 Crypto.com team members will never initiate a conversation by sending you a private message. Official team members have a Staff or Admin label, which are visible when you chat with them or search them in the group.  For additional security, consider changing the default security and privacy settings for your Telegram account to the following: Phone number > My contacts (only allows people in your contacts to see your number) Calls > My contacts (only allows calls from people in your contact list) Groups & channels > My contacts (only allows people in your contact list to add you to groups) Passcode lock > On Two-step verification > On (allows for an added layer of account security) Devices > Review for unknown devices (double-checks that active sessions are only from devices that you are aware of) Edit name > Type your unique display name Set username > Type your unique username 
Reddit
 Crypto.com staff and team members will never ask for your login credentials. If you are ever unsure about the authenticity of staff accounts, please email us, or reach out to your local Community Manager on Telegram.  For additional security, consider changing the default security and privacy settings of your Reddit (website version) account to the following: Use two-factor authentication > On (adds an extra layer of account security) Who can send you chat requests > Accounts older than 30 days (avoids spam and bot accounts) Who can send you private messages > Nobody (avoids messages from unknown third parties) Manage third-party app authorization > Review for unknown connections (reviews active sessions that you are aware of) 
Facebook
 For additional security, consider changing the default security and privacy settings of your Facebook account to the following: Use two-factor authentication > Enable (adds an extra layer of account security) Get alerts on unrecognized logins > Enable (sends a  push notification when there is an unknown login) Encrypted notification emails > Enable Save your login info > Disable (does not autofill your login credentials, which is especially important when using a shared device) Where you're logged in > Review for unknown devices (double-checks your active sessions and where you are logged in) Authorized logins > Review for unknown devices Who can look you up using your e-mail? > Customize to your needs (changes the privacy settings for who can search for you using your email address) 
Discord
 For additional security, consider changing the default security and privacy settings of your Discord account to the following: Two-factor Authentication > Enable (adds an extra layer of account security) Save your Backup codes on an offline medium (allows your backup codes to be saved offline) SMS Backup Authentication > Enable (Saves your SMS chat history) Safe direct messaging > Keep me safe (avoids direct messages from unwanted and unknown parties) Authorized Apps > Review for unknown apps (avoids apps that you did not authorise) 
Linkedin
 Our Linkedin page is a great source of official news, as well as verified job openings. Be sure to visit our page if you are interested in joining the Crypto.com team—we are always looking for great talent.  For additional security, consider changing the default security and privacy settings of your Linkedin account to the following: Where you’re signed in > Review for unknown devices (double checks that you recognise your signed-in sessions) Two-step verification > Enable (adds an extra layer of account security) 
When in doubt, talk to us.
 If you suspect that someone is impersonating Crypto.com to steal your funds, do not click on any links, respond to their requests, or provide any personal information to them. Instead, confirm the sender’s identity by contacting us through the following official channels: Reach out to our in-app support team via Settings > Contact Support Send an email to [email protected] Contact one of the admins in our official Telegram groups   Twitter: https://twitter.com/cryptocom Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CryptoComOfficial Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/cryptocomofficial/ LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/cryptocom YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOMprzxakZOqmY23LYIawmg Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/Crypto_com/ Discord: https://discord.gg/A2Kb6PTQEF Telegram: https://blog.crypto.com/official-crypto-com-telegram-communities/
Cryptocurrency Transactions
 Unlike some traditional finance transactions (such as credit card purchases), cryptocurrency transactions are irreversible by nature.  When you execute a cryptocurrency transaction with a third party, the transaction cannot be stopped. There is no way to cancel, reverse or refund the transaction against the recipient’s wishes.  Before sending cryptocurrencies you should verify the third party that you are sending to and all transaction information prior to submitting instructions for a digital asset transfer. Only send transactions to a trusted third party.  Send you a link to install software on your device Remotely access your account or device If you are contacted for any of the above, contactour Customer Support at [email protected] or via the in-app chat. 
Common Scams and Tips to Avoid Them
